He comes to me in pieces as I watch the stillness of space, envisioning new constellations in the array of unrecognized stars. I trace the sparks of light with my finger, connecting the dots and smudging the glass as a result.  How many stars do you think there are in space? I imagine him asking. Can there really be other ones out there as big as or even bigger than the sun? I always admired his genuine curiosity, how he viewed things with a particular interest, how he saw me. He was the one that organized our sleepovers, the one that nudged me to sign up for afterschool activities such as the chemistry club and the robotics team.  Can you build me a mechanical arm that'll change the channels on the TV's remote, so that way I don't have to? He once asked sarcastically. How about a drone that we can use to spy inside the girls' locker room, huh? Wouldn't that be neat? When we were kids, he would give me piggyback rides and run with me through the sprinklers across watery arches with captured rainbows. We'd go back home, and my mother would scold us while our shivering bodies shared a single towel, and in the end, he'd shine me a blue-lipped smile with his crooked teeth.That was fun, wasn't it?  Our childhood adventures involved trips to the public pool, wet t-shirts, and popsicles mucking up our fingers under the August sun. He'd take me to his baseball team's practices, and I'd watch him bat while I built rovers and complex constructs out of legos on the bleachers.Booyah! He'd shout after a home run. I'd cheer or clap, and he would always gleam and say the same thing. It's going, it's going, gone. Kiss that puppy goodbye.A few years later, our tastes matured, slipping our summers into memories and substituting them for leather jackets and motorcycle rides on the empty freeway. He and I would stop on the roadsides by green fields that looked blue under the night sky. We'd sit under the blanket of stars and watch the moon while dreaming up our futures after high school.  I'm going to apply for a sports scholarship and get the fuck out of this town, he'd always say. How about you?I don't know. I shrugged. Maybe I'll go work with my dad as an apprentice at his accounting firm.What? Come on, man, you got to apply for university too. You're a freakin brainiac. I'm sure you could get into any school.Out the bay window, I see the lunar triplets: Euphrosyne, Aglia, and Thalia dancing around what the New Worlds Association likes to call Undine, the flooded, blue planet, equivalent in size to Jupiter, that I've been studying for what would be measured, on planet Earth, as eight months. The journey to this specific star system took four years. The rest of the crew and I have enough resources to last another sixteen Earth months. By then, we'll have made a substantial dent in our research. Our food, water, fuel, along with our tolerance for the presence of one another, will have depleted, and we'll go into cryosleep for our return. A decade, that's how long we'll have been apart. So you'll be asleep, frozen in a coffin for about eight years? I assured him that it was completely safe, that I wouldn't die in transport. But doesn't that mean that you'll come back looking almost the same as when you left? Won't you technically be younger than me?I think about his current age. How it's already been more than four years, and how unfair it must have seemed to him; that he'd miss me in the entirety of all that elapsed time while I'd be sleeping almost all the years away, except for two.   Sometimes I wonder if he tells his other friends and customers about me. My buddy's up in space, I imagine him saying. What's he doing up there? He's researching a new planet, someplace better than this shit hole we're destroying. Undine registers an oxygen signature similar to Europa and planet Earth. The oceanic surface covering the entire planet could host a form of phytoplankton or an entirely new plant species capable of producing oxygen as a byproduct of their natural photosynthetic process. In other words, Undine could, in theory, host life. If I'm being honest with myself, sometimes I feel that my role on this ship isn't as relevant as the other crew members' works. That perhaps what I'm doing isn't as impacting, that it's less exciting. I'm not spacewalking or trying to merge chemical compounds under zero-gravity conditions. I barely passed the physical exam, and my score on the simulatory emergency program ranked me as the fifth in command if anything were to happen to our pilot or the others of my crew.  So what? He'd fire. You'll still be one of the few guys part of the human race to have ever gone up to space. You'll still have broken records, be mentioned in the history books. You'll have gone places no one has ever been to.  It was always like him to see the bright side in situations. When he didn't get his full-ride to college, he applied for the town's undergrad program at the local college. Don't worry, man, I'm still going to make it back and get myself out of this place.When he couldn't juggle both his academic life and work to help his folks pay the bills, he still didn't crumble under all the pressure. I'll take a break this semester, and then on the next one, I'll go back. He never returned to school to finish his undergrad. Maybe college just isn't for me. He opted to continue working, helping out his folks, and eventually went to, and finished, trade school. I'm thinking about opening a restaurant. He told me years ago. What about you, what are you thinking about doing with your life, huh, Mr. Big Shot Imma certified scientist?I laughed at his remark. I don't know, I answered. I guess I could teach or go for my Ph.D.What? But you just finished school, now you're thinking about going back? He commented while scratching his beard. He tugged on the bill of his baseball cap and shook his head in disapproval. You're nuts, man! Yeah? And what do you think I should do?If I were as wicked smart as you, I'd go to the moon!Scientists are some of the professionals that, depending on their branch of specialization, are often courted by big-money tech companies and international organizations. He heard about a space program from one of his faithful customers, a man that worked as a research assistant for the state university who always ordered a bear claw with a large cup of coffee and a BLT for the road.He told me how the New Worlds Association was looking for people to blast off, in his own words, into space. That the money I'd receive would leave me set for life.  He was the one that showed me the association's website. It says here you have to send them a paper or something explaining your qualifications, along with an idea for a project applicable in space, highlighting a specific area of research. Does that sound like something you could do?Huh? I was distracted at first by the site's banner, a rocket blasting off into the moon, pointing like an arrowhead to the unknown. I think so, I answered, correcting myself. But —But what if I get accepted? That's what I should have asked. But what if they don't think I'm qualified enough? What if I'm rejected?Then they're crazy, he snapped back. You're the most intelligent person I know! No way, they'd reject you. I pitched him my project several times, letting him serve as my judge and jury. The idea was simple, build a compact, remote-operated device that could probe the oceanic planet of Undine. Do you mean like a robotic hand?Exactly, think of it like a hand that's also like a drone, I said. A machine that could enter the planet and try to collect data on whether there are any living organisms present in the planet's aquatic terrain or not. If the scan is positive, it'll extract several samples for me and the crew. Some of these samples can undergo analysis and testing while in space, and others could be stored in a controlled environment on the spacecraft and transported back home with us. He stared at me for a few seconds, his eyes wide and his mouth nearly dangling from his jaw like a bell. So...what do you think?I think you're going into space. The admiration in his eyes was stunning and had me gleaming like a young boy. Who knows, maybe we'll even stop by the moon on our return?The probe, Michaelangelo, named by myself, will enter Undine's domain in approximately two weeks. From our current distance, the device's descent will take anywhere from two to three days. That's when my mission will reach its zenith and when things could get dicey. I'll have to watch over Michaelangelo as if it's a newborn child learning to swim. I'll also have to frequently analyze Undine's tidal patterns and climate while observing the incoming data as soon as Michaelangelo departs from the spacecraft.Do you think Michaelangelo will make it out of that place in one piece? he asked with a worried expression as if the probe was a living creature, a pet cat or dog.I think so. I'm working with a pretty big budget, and it'll be made exclusively for the mission.Knowing you'll be the one to build him, I'm sure he'll be great! No, I'm wrong. Michaelangelo will be better than great. He'll be fucking perfect.  I'm glad one of us is feeling confident, I returned, leaning back into his sofa. He plopped himself right beside me, threw his arm over my neck, and pulled me into his orbit with such savagery that we ended up rolling onto the floor. He flipped himself over, partially resting his chest over mine, don't be so hard on yourself. I believe in you.I'll miss you, you know that, right? I gushed. We hadn't talked about the possibility of my leaving, camouflaging the void that would be left behind with excitement and speculation. My eyes at that moment reddened, burned much like they always do whenever I think of him.Hey, it'll be a good opportunity for you, won't it? You'll be doing something you're good at, something that could help everyone back here on planet Earth.  Onboard the spaceship, there's a mechanic who's responsible for repairs and keeping the ship functioning, who sometimes also gets the chance to soar like an acrobat in the depths of space. We have a medic doing research on the proliferation of diseases under low gravity conditions. They all sound like show-offs, that's what! There's also a physicist and a botanist. Our pilot's one of the few men to have traveled multiple times to the moon and Mars, as well as a skilled photographer who captured high-definition photos of cosmic dust clouds, and then there's me, a certified scientist, as he'd like to say. A certified scientist who won himself a round trip ticket to space. Weeks before my leave, we were lying close to one another in a field of dark-blue grass. You're going to do big things up there, he said. He turned and shined me his crooked smile. And when you're back, everyone is going to know your name. You know I don't care about any of that stuff. I'm much more interested in seeing the planet with the three moons.I swear, man, only you.  Everyone here talks about their projects, comments on how much they miss their family. Our captain left his wife three months pregnant back home, our mechanic and our medic, two kids each. When they turn to me and ask if I've left anything important behind, the first person that comes to mind isn't my mother or father, a house or a car; it's him.  I'm the quiet one up here. Space is already deathly silent, but it and I enter into staring contests with each other through the bay window, my eyes versus Undine's three moons. I watch them, the triplets that grace the aquatic planet, drawing up conclusions as to what might occur if one of the lunar bodies were to simply explode. Obviously, there'd be no sound, but I'd watch the floating remnants, mesmerized by the rubble as if catching the sight of fallen snow.In this particular star system, aside from all the planets and moons spread out across the field of space, there's also a bright celestial body similar to the sun back home. The lone star is distant from everything, the same way that I'm years away from my planet and from the only person more important to me than anything in the whole universe.   How do you think things will be like once I'm back? I asked him before I left for my physical and mental training. What do you mean? He returned. Will we still be —You're kidding, right? Come on, I know you're smarter than that. He hugged me, and for a moment, I wished he had begged me not to go. I considered the idea of staying, of resisting the money, and even the chance to see the moon. Promise me you'll be here when I get back.I wouldn't dream of leaving this place without you. I'll be here waiting for you. Me, and this planet with nothing but a single moon. At times I question myself. What's so great about a planet that's essentially all water and almost no detectable land? And I'll hear him saying how we could build floating houses or architectural structures like the Maldives, or that we can bring out a boat from Earth just like Noah's Ark and spend our days searching the blue world for a paradisiac island. Who knows, maybe we could even live in underwater domes like The Atlanteans?I'll nod and chuckle to myself and say sure as if it's all so simple. I'll picture us both on Undine drifting together in its never-ending pool. He and I, in our own private world, where we'll swim in our t-shirts and play with Michaelangelo. Before I left, he gave me an envelope, open it only once you're far away from Earth. It's because of what he wrote that I know I'll return, that I'll tell him everything, from what I saw to what I dreamt. I'll say how much I remembered, how much I missed him, and I'll repeat the exact verse he wrote at the end of his letter; three words more significant to me than Undine and its three moons. 
I am spinning slowly in my tank, suspended in doped-up air, buoyant, bobbing. Piano music (Beethoven?) plays softly in the background. My eyes are closed, but if I opened them, I would see only pale yellow light enclosing me in a warm glow.I like the piano music. It makes me feel calm. That, alongside the sedation. The Facility keeps mine light, because I prefer it that way, and because I am well-behaved. The Facility knows my ways, knows I don’t misbehave. I have been here for a long time now. It must be years, though there is no sense of time. No calendar, no clock. Only the pale light washing over me, keeping me warm. This morning, the Facility reminded me that my son will visit me today. He comes every week, at the same time. While the staff prepare me for his visit, they tell me he is good to me, compared to most of the others in here, at the Blessed Home facility, whose families have forgotten them. I nod and smile gently, murmuring the right response. They think my mind is feeble, like so many in here. I cannot see outside my tank, but the Facility can see inside, so I stay locked inside my mind. They cannot see inside my mind. In my mind, I am not suspended in a tank of gas and air. I go away, far from here.Where do I go? I go home, to my sprawling house in the countryside, with a red-tiled roof and ivy-covered archway, the mishmash of furniture and ornaments, collected over a lifetime, heavy with memories. For sixty years, my wife and I lived there, raised our child and grew old. We had a black cat with a white tummy called Cat Stevens. But then my wife died and my only son accused me of going senile.The bell that signals that my sedation has stopped chimes. Soon, they will come to collect me. I stop spinning as the air thins and I float to the bottom of the tank. I wait.A pop of glass opening, bright light seeps inside. A gentle hand the length of my body picks me up from under my arms and seats me in a dollhouse armchair. I watch as the giant girl in the Facility's uniform scrubs her hands in a sink as large as a swimming pool. She is a kind of nurse, I think. My wife was a nurse, though in our day, the Facility didn’t exist. I am handed a pair of sunglasses while my eyes adjust to the natural light. “How are you feeling today, Mr Donnelly?” her voice booms.I mumble something as she dresses me. When I first arrived, I was embarrassed by foreign hands touching my body, stripping me bare, clothing me in strange scratchy Facility clothes. But now, I am apathetic. Maybe it’s the drugs. When I am presentable, she brings me to the visiting area. I sit in an armchair, more comfortable than the last, watching vast visitors speak to their doll-sized relatives. I once heard a story about a family who brought home their shrunken grandma from the Facility, only to have her chewed up by her once beloved dog.My son comes into view, striding towards me with confident steps. I used to walk like that too, before I came to the Facility. He plants himself squarely in the visitor’s chair, launching into a nervous segment on his drive here, and the audacity of other drivers, and how isn’t it ridiculous that with all the technological advancements in the world, we still don’t have cars that drive the middle class from A to B?While he talks, I let my mind drift. I used to be angry at him for forcing me to come here. Of course, he needed consent, but the pressure, financial and emotional, forced my hand. He threw all kinds of arguments at me; overpopulation, nursing homes. I used to wonder if he wanted to punish me, if I was a bad father, if I shouted too much, if I pushed him too far, if he resented me. I don’t wonder anymore. I don’t do anything much. The end is coming soon; I can tell by the way my body submit to sedation. I asked them to lighten it, because I know I will sleep for a long time, soon. I want to comb over my memories of home, before I go on to whatever lies beyond. I wish I was going home. But I’ll never go home again. ***The thirty-minute drive to my father’s facility is the most inconvenient part of my week. I swear as I swerve around incompetent idiots, blaring the horn and flipping off scandalised old ladies who surely shouldn't have licenses anyway. It’s amazing with all the advancements in technology, I still have to drive myself to get where I need to go. I take my anger out on the road, so that by the time I get to Blessed Home, I am wrung dry of emotion.I first heard about it when my father was getting too senile to live at home, and we were looking at nursing homes for him. But the demand is competitive, the prices obscene, the facilities bad. I didn’t want him to be abused and neglected, and he flat out refused to go to a nursing home. Pulled the “what would your mother think?” line too. Someone told me about this facility. They had seen it on the dark web. I brought my father here for a consultation. They welcomed us warmly, offered us coffee, spewed us with medical jargon. We toured the premises as they explained the basics of the technology, how it was possible to reduce the size of a person using extreme heat pressure to the size of a ragdoll, while preserving their body and mind. They showed us to a vault, where little old people bobbing in silver containers lined the walls, sleeping. They described the benefits - fewer drugs needed, less food, less waste, easier to manage large numbers of people, easy storage. They were sedated the majority of the time, woken at various intervals to eat, to exercise, to excrete.He wasn’t convinced. But because the nursing home was a no-go, it was easier to convince him to try. That was all we needed. Left with no other option, he signed his life away. I promised to visit him every week. I have never broken that promise. The facility is spotlessly white. The receptionist flashes me an expensive smile.“Welcome to Blessed Home, Mr Donnelly. Go right ahead.”They always have him ready to see me as soon as I arrive. During his former life, he was a big man, looming, powerful. A blue-collar labourer who wanted a better life for his son. His presence, hell, his shadow, used to scare me. Now, as I walk towards him, he is miniscule, deflated. He looks tired. He always looks tired.I tell him about my week. He listens, or doesn’t. I can’t tell, because he nods and murmurs at the right times, but never asks me questions. I never ask him how he is doing. I know he does nothing. He goes back into the vat of drugged up air and bobs around for hours, days, left with nothing but his own fading memories and medicated slumber. Do I feel ashamed? I don’t dwell on it for long enough to feel anything but relief. I don’t have to sacrifice my life to look after him, or remortgage my house to fund his last years. I don’t feel guilty, because I’m not alone. Thousands of families send their elderly, dying relatives to these facilities, which have sprung up all over the country. It’s normalised now. So it must be OK.At the end of our hour together, I always turn away, so I won’t have to look at him being lifted like a baby back into the vault. I wonder if he ever misses his home, the old house with the rusty roof and overgrown garden, sold to pay the price to live in a tank. After drinking alone one evening, filled with morbid curiosity, I drove by. Bleary eyed, I noted a strange car in the driveway. The lawn was mowed, the roof replaced, the door painted a happy yellow. I wanted to stop and knock on the door. But I didn't. I looked away, eyes on the road, and kept driving. He must know that he will never see it again. He will die in this godforsaken place I put him in. The irony of naming this little piece of hell "Blessed Home" makes me shiver. I wonder if his mind is past the point of knowing, or if he knows more than he lets on. I could ruminate on whether I did the right thing, but what good would it do?The Blessed Home facility grows smaller as I drive away, and I forget, for another week at least.
Something wasn’t right.The farmer’s market buzzed around him, his arms heavy with his cloth totes filled to the brim. There’d been a lovely selection of candles this morning. Now he waited among the sea of humanity in the square for the curly-haired vendor to wrap his fresh-cut flowers. An acoustic band played in the middle of the market, twangy notes bouncing off tents and muddled with the voices of the crowd. He reached out for his wrapped bouquet with a smile while alarm bells rang in his head.It seemed like a pleasant day- from all the available information, it was. Yet every time he turned a corner, every time he bumped into someone and mumbled his apologies, he felt as if eyes were burning into the back of his skull. He checked his breath rate and found it functionally normal. He tested his blinking mod and found no concerns. Still, as he weaved through the market, he zoned in on the port-o-johns and stood in line as calmly as he could.When he finally made it inside, he closed his eyes and scanned. No functions seemed abnormal. Still, with his sensory circuits firing so much today, he decided it best to do a soft reboot. Candles heavy in his arms, the flowers peeking over the sides of his totes, he stood still in the port-o-john and let his CPU reset.A few functions stuttered at first; mostly the modifications he’d added in the last few years, like the blinking mod. After a second or two, they all hummed quietly into order, evening out their memory usage. Response time under a second. Respiratory simulation at a resting rate of fourteen breaths a minute. Blinking mod pushing a blink every seven seconds. Nothing out of order. He let his shoulders relax and flushed the toilet behind him. There’d be no way to differentiate him from anyone else. Couldn’t be. He exited the port-o-john and tried to push the feelings away. Maybe it was time to leave the market.He headed down the street at a leisurely pace, careful not to seem in any hurry. After all, if for some reason it wasn’t his sensory awareness misfiring, it’d be best to not to appear paranoid. There’d be no reason for a man visiting the farmer’s market on a beautiful morning to think he was being followed. Even in this train of thought, he reassured himself that being followed wasn’t likely. Why let it ruin the day?Whether to throw off his pursuers or to force himself to abandon the silly thoughts, he took a detour on the way back to his apartment. He stopped in at the local gardening center, where the shopkeep knew him by his fake name and bought a new spider plant. Now, his arms and hands full, he walked a little quicker towards his complex. He told himself it was to get the snake plant inside, but he knew fear chased his footsteps.The doorman greeted him as he stepped through the door. He nodded once, the snake plant’s hanging leaves jostling as he pulled out his resident card. Only when walking up the stairs to his third floor studio did he relax.A neighbor, Mrs. Whistledown, waved in the hallway. He smiled and greeted her as he shuffled his things to unlock the door. Once inside, he let the totes fall to the ground and set the snake plant in the windowsill. Then he leaned against the wall and put his head in his hands. The alarm bells were quieter now that he was inside. Locked in. Safe. His apartment complex was the safest place he could be. So why were the alarms only quieter and not gone?Something at the market must have been off. Off in a way that his logic systems had found dangerous. It would take hours to sift through the raw data to find what had triggered it. Hours of audio, of video, all having to be sifted through to find what had gone wrong. He looked at his apartment and sighed. He wouldn’t be able to go into rest mode until he’d found it, he knew that. With a heavy dose of trepidation, he started the script to find the trigger.While the script ran, he unloaded his haul from the farmer’s market. He picked a purple candle and placed it on his dining table, stacking the others in careful towers in his closet. He unwrapped the bouquet, grabbing a packet of plant food from his cabinet and a vase. He filled a vase with water, mixed in the plant food, and arranged the flowers. Then he grabbed his watering can and sprayer and set to watering his plants.First the rubber plant, Henry. Henry needed a good misting during the warm months and he obliged, spraying each leaf evenly. Then Alberta, the Boston fern. Next were the lavender and mint pots, Lila and Pepper. And down the line he went, each plant with a different name, both scientific and given. Just like him. All the while the script ran in his head, tackling all the audio from his trip out and flagging bits of interest. So far, none stood out as significant. He tipped the watering can over Susanna, the lilies, just as a knock interrupted him. The script stopped. His hand froze.He wasn’t expecting company.The watering can and sprayer were near silent as he set them down next to his plant family. He stepped carefully towards the door, mindful of the wooden floor’s bends so as not to let the squeaks of the wood give away his position. When he arrived at the door, he stood just off to the side, hiding the shadow of his bare feet from underneath. He leaned over to look through the peephole.A trade worker of some sort stood outside, coveralls and matching hat. She chewed on something in her mouth, looking down the hall, tapping her toolbox with one finger. The alarm bells were back. The mechanic knocked again.He saw little choice in the matter. “Who is it?” he called through the door.The woman turned her attention to his door. “Electrician. Got word from Mrs. Carol that there were some busted wires in the apartment above yours. I need access to your ceiling.”Mrs. Carol sent her? The landlady usually gave notices for work orders, but if it was the apartment above his, maybe she hadn’t known.He’d hate to inconvenience Mrs. Carol due to his own paranoia. His limbs tense, alarm straightening his spine, he opened the door.A bright flash blasted his ocular systems and he felt an electrical pulse surge through his body, overloading his wiring. The world faded into hot-white nothingness.The first systems that fired back up were his logic systems. The electrician wasn’t an electrician. He’d been hit by a pulse gun. He was in danger.Next were his motor skills. He found both his arms and legs unresponsive. Still attached, he found from pinging each limb. Just individually restricted. Either he was in restraints or his attacker knew how to manipulate droids.His microphones were back online. He heard his attacker shuffling through his apartment, tinkering with something. Otherwise quiet. His voice box was back online as well, but he held off trying to talk until he could see.Slowly all other systems went online, one at a time, but he knew his ocular cameras would be the last to load. He kept still, though he knew he couldn’t feign unconsciousness. All she’d have to do is listen and she’d hear the quiet whirring in his chest, his android heartbeat.When his ocular systems were back online, he opened his eyelids to a slit. His attacker sat in front of him, tinkering with a-Oh no. An external monitor.Her eyes caught his and he stopped hiding. He opened his eyes and sat as straight as he could only having control of his torso and neck. He found his neck jangled slightly. Dread crept along his spine. She’d opened his casing while he was out. The external monitor-“Make this easy for me,” she said, waving the monitor in her hand, “Give me your serial number.”He pursed his lips and said nothing.She sighed. “Listen. You found a way to burn off your serial number, which, props, clever. But I don’t get paid the big bucks for nothing. I can hack you and find it. I’d just rather not.”He stared at her. Waiting.“You know why I’m here, right?” she asked.He nodded.“Then you know who sent me. Which is why I’d really rather not hack you. So, y’know, a serial number would be nice.”“You don’t have to do this,” he whispered.“I kinda do,” she said, rubbing her forehead, “I was paid half up front.”“I’m-” He hesitated, rolling the word around in his head before letting it pass his lips, “I’m sentient.”She rolled her eyes and, if he’d had a stomach, it would’ve dropped. “Sure, and I’m the Queen of England.”“What did they tell you I was?” he asked, trying not to let panic into his voice.“A spy droid,” she said, pulling some cords out of her bag, “So I knew you’d lie. It’s, like, the point of you.”There was no holding back the panic now. They’d trapped him. Nothing he said would make a difference. She was here to take him back and it wouldn’t matter what he said.“Please,” he said, pushing his head forward, “Please, I truly am sentient, it’s why they’ve been hunting me, it’s why I’ve-”“Oh shut it, ya big baby. You’re caught. I’m not Russia here to steal your secrets, I just wanted your serial number.”“Please, miss, I’m not a spy, I’m a record keeper, I-”She stood, cords dangling from the monitor. His mouth hung open in helplessness. It was over. All of it, the years in hiding, the life he’d built- over.“Well, no point in dragging this out I guess. Night-night, pal,” she said.Her hands with the cords reached around his neck. He felt the first plug inserted and the world went dark.___Cybil typed a few commands into the monitor as the droid slumped over. Finally. She hadn’t taken out spy droids before but the way they talked was creepy. Almost human. The “please” was what really got her. She shivered. Government droids were good.With a few more keystrokes, the serial number popped up on the screen. She pulled out her contract to compare the two. Perfect match. Burning off his own serial number had been smart, but she’d been a mechanic for droids before- a little damage couldn’t stop her from the info she needed.Looking around the apartment, she did find that the price the government was paying for this one seemed steep. The hardest part had been finding him, honestly. Usually rogue droids gave her more of a fight, tried to run or self-destruct. They also didn’t buy fresh flowers at the farmer’s market or keep a well-decorated apartment. This one had just keeled over with one pulse after opening the door and said “please”.Her mind wondered about its logic systems. What kind of programming made a droid keep plants? The contract said it was a spy droid- were they made to try and blend in? Surely a little peek at the code wouldn’t hurt. It’s not like she was looking through its documents or info caches.She typed in a command prompt to bring up the logic systems code. The screen blipped at her. “Command not found.” Weird. She tried another command, one that worked for the last generation of droids. “Command not found.” Super weird. Maybe if she knew the droid’s model she could figure it out. She brought up the system info and brought up the model number: ALN23061912RK.Geeze. ALN? That was… old. Real old. And the numbers, the designation- RK. That didn’t sound like a spy droid. RK. What would an RK bot-The droid’s last words echoed in her thoughts. “I’m a record keeper.”Cybil dropped the monitor and scrambled away from the prone droid. A bot, at least fifteen years old, government issue, and a record keeper had lied? Said please? It shouldn’t have had programming that would allow that. Record keepers stored information, they weren’t supposed to simulate emotion or tell lies. It defeated the purpose. She pulled out her contract again, scrolling through the datapad to confirm she hadn’t read it wrong. They’d sent her to hunt a spy droid. A spy droid with the serial number she’d just confirmed was this bot’s. But this bot was a record keeper. A record keeper that kept a veritable jungle of plants on his windowsill, shopped at the farmer’s market and asked her to spare its existence.She wasn’t surprised the government had lied- it usually did to hide its true intentions around why the bot was to be eliminated or brought in. But this was- she’d stumbled on to something, she was sure of it, but wasn’t sure what.The monitor on the floor blinked at her. She reached forward, fingers shaking, to see what had appeared on the screen. The command prompts were back up. But instead of a command, one word had been typed:PLEASECybil’s hands shook harder. She took a deep breath and typed back: WHATEach letter that appeared felt heavy, forced: MY PLANTSWHAT ABOUT YOUR PLANTS, she replied.THEYLL DIE IF YOU TAKE MECybil bit at her bottom lip, feeling sweat bead at her forehead.PLEASE PUT THEM IN THE HALL SO MRS CAROL FINDS THEM I DONT WANT THEM TO DIE“Oh fuck this,” she said, standing up. She began to pace.PLEASE blinked up at her from the monitor and she thought.____The first systems back up were his logic systems. He was still alive. She no longer was hacking him. He was still in danger. Other than that, his knowledge of what was happening was terrifyingly empty. He’d thought when he went under, he’d never come up again. There was some relief in being able to think for himself again.“Can you hear me yet?”Yes, he thought, my mic’s back up. But my voice box-“Shit, you’re old, maybe you’re still booting.”Old? Had she-?She’d looked at his model number. Hope sprang in his chest with the whirring of his electric heartbeat.His voice box was back online. “I can hear you.”He could also hear her moving things. Heavy things. Back and forth through his apartment. He waited anxiously as his camera systems revved up, meanwhile testing his hands and feet cautiously. His toes wiggled. His fists clenched and unclenched. The alarm bells had stopped, now only hope and awe at his ability to move, to think remained. He was being spared.When his cameras returned, he opened his eyes to see half his apartment packed into his suitcases in the middle of the living room. He reached back and felt the back of his neck- blissfully closed.“What are you doing?” he asked.“You can’t stay here,” she said, throwing one of his suits from the closet into a crumpled heap, “If I found you, others will. I’m one of the best, but I’m only one of.”“You’re letting me go?”“No record keeper droid can lie. Or has such a strong will that they can communicate while being hacked. Or,” she waved her hand at the ferns and vines and flowers that adorned his window, “Keeps plants just because they like them.”“You believe me.”“Don’t push it, pal,” she said, returning to throwing items into his suitcases, “I’m not exactly a fan of all this.”He attempted to stand but found his systems confused and fell. She was beside him in an instant, leaning him back against the wall.“None of that now,” she said, her voice gentle, “I just hacked you. You’re old. It might take you a while to recover.”“Thank you,” he said, closing his eyes. He listened to her stand and continue packing.“Now, if you want my advice, you need more mods,” she said from across the apartment, “Your skin is too perfect and you don’t fidget. That’s how I could pick you out of a crowd. You clearly had work done since you escaped so I assume you can figure out how to get those.”He nodded, silent, and watched her throw his self-repair kit into a suitcase pocket.“And another thing. Don’t work in accounting. I know you want to use your record keeping skills, but maybe apply them to something else. Like, I don’t know, work at a library or something. Just make sure you make mistakes. And take a sick day or two. Hell, get fired. That makes you look more human.”He stood, shaking, and helped her finish packing. He was slower, but she didn’t complain. When they were done, he stood at the door.“I’ll take care of your plants a few days,” she said, looking back, “And keep them off your back for a week or two. Then I’ll take these to Mrs. Carol.”He nodded, looking at his plants. Henry. Alberta. Susanna. He looked at her, standing in front of them, hands on her waist.“You’ll be okay?”Her eyes widened. Then she laughed.“Yeah. I know how to get out of contracts. Thanks.”He nodded and turned to leave.“Oh, hey, real quick?”He glanced back over his shoulder.“What do you call yourself?” she asked, “Er, like, what’s your name?”“Alan,” he said, “Like my model number.”“Alan.” She nodded, “Be safe for me, Alan. Please.”Alan smiled and walked down the hall and into the night, free to try living again. Maybe he’d open a flower shop this time.
How we got here is unimportant. What matters is we are here. For now, at least.We deal with the reality like most of us deal with weight gain.I must have drunk a lot of water today.That extra weight is because I'm wearing pants on the scale.It's innocent enough, especially if it helps you live a less worried life.So when the clouds begin to come together in a beautiful and dark ensemble, the rain will come down, and people will disappear. A single drop of the Earth's new premium beverage gives us a chance to go away. To exist only for ourselves and please no one in the way.This particular rain started just five years ago, in small pockets across the Pacific Ocean. There were rumors among fishermen that one drop of the rain would lose you the burden of seeing yourself. For a few minutes, but it was still almost magical. Of course, then they all figured it was a drug. Polluted clouds or unsafe ocean water.It wasn't until the clouds started forming on land. Sacramento was the first to experience it. There was a strange orange thickness in the dark clouds. The water was hot, and some swore they saw a spark when it hit the ground. Just another sign the world is falling apart, we said.Calvin O'Connor was the teenager who first disappeared. He was outside with his friends in Sacramento when he was dared to open his mouth in the fiery rain.By this point, the rumors from the boating community floated onto land and into the country. At best, the rain gave you a little buzz. At worst, it was bull shit.The thought of being invisible excited Calvin, In more ways than one. So he said fuck it, and pointed his face up and opened wide.Travis Stevenson screamed like a goat. You wouldn't blame him, seeing his friend vanish from thin air. How the hell can his mind do this? It must be his brain screwing around. But the rest of the group stood in shock, mouths open. One passed out, but no one can remember who.There was video footage posted online. News anchors weren’t quite sure what to make of it. It looked extraordinary, but so does a lot of fake shit online.A video of a Sacramento teenager' dissapearing into thin air' after drinking what locals call 'magic rain' is going viral. Watch here as a teenager drinks a raindrop and ‘magically’ disappears. The teenagers claim the video is undoctored, but plenty of people on social media doubt it. The news anchor laughs throughout her report.If only I could get some of that bottled up for my in-laws. The weatherman remarks with a dismissive grin.⇼Johnson gathers himself off the floor. Sweat races down his face and drips onto the toilet bowl. How much more of his insides could he project? He feels like he should check the bowl for an intestine.He needs to snap out of it. He's required here. Washing his face with cold water, Johnson attempts to spit out any loose vomit still logged in his mouth. He didn't buy any more Listerine strips. He was trying to speak confidence into existence.Johnson opens the door and walks out into the secure office. He takes his baton and taser and takes a deep breath.He looks out the window and views the empty prison cells. It's dark and dull. It looks like an abanded government project that gets broken into by a bunch of nosey Youtubers. But Johnson knows the minute he steps out of the security officer's safe box, there is a high probability he won't come back.The silence speaks louder than trains. Convicts walk around slowly, waiting to pounce on their prey. Johnson begins his rounds across the prison. On the third floor, he walks by cell after cell, all smelling of sweat and boredom. Half-eaten food litters the floors. Bloodstains sprinkle across the rooms. Once blood leaves the body, it becomes visible to others. Johnson wishes it wouldn't.The prisoners like to play games with the guards while they do their rounds. Stay quiet while they step forward into the dark halls. Then someone will make a loud bang right behind them. The guards draw their batons and start swinging at the air. There is nothing more humiliating than looking like a paranoid prison guard. Maybe getting murdered by an invisible man. Or, to our eyes, getting murdered by nothing.Years after the rain discovery, perverts and criminals flocked to Sacramento to try and get the magic. People became paranoid, locking their doors and investing in complex security equipment, setting traps for potential break-ins. People with warrants suddenly went missing. Stores started closing their doors because they couldn't keep up with the theft.Embracing another recession, the government got involved and wrote The Invisible Americans Act that guaranteed justice against invisible individuals who committed crimes. Thus began construction of something inconceivable- a prison that holds only invisible convicts. The reception was a relief. Yet, it was wishful thinking. You can feel, hit, and punish invisible people, but only if you know where they are.Controlling the prisoners became impossible when thousands of convicts were shipped within the manner of days. A check-in system worked well for a week, but the government couldn't wait to send as many people as they could. To get rid of the problem. Some of the people hadn't even faced trials. They were shoved into vans and sent away.Now Johnson stops in the common room. Only one person is let out of their cage at a time. Johnson is the only guard who steps onto the open floor. The only guard who tries to communicate with the empty people. Tonight, it's Marcel's turn to get out of his box."Marcel where are you at?""On the couch, why?" Marcel questions defensively."Cause I was gonna sit there but I figured you don't want my fat ass on top of you," Johnson snickers."Hey it'd be the most action I've gotten all year," Marcel rebuts. They both laugh.Johnson sits on a chair close to the couch. He takes his hands off his belt, lets himself be vulnerable despite his fear."How has it been, you know, despite everything?" Johnson asks seriously."Despite not getting food? Despite not even being able to clean the bathrooms because they can't trust us with mops?"Johnson sighs."I know, I'm fighting with them on that. They have to be less scared of you all. But you can't blame them, can you? What did you all do to the last three guards?""We gave them what they deserved," Marcel raises his voice.Johnson gets closer and folds his hands in front of his body."I'm trying to fix things, Marcel. Give me some time. Go a week without doing something dumb. Put yourself in our shoes."Marcel looks at Johnson. Johnson stares at an empty couch. Eye contact is essential.Marcel considers what to say and do next. He replays Johnson's remarks.Put yourself in our shoes. "You first," he says quietly."What?" Johnson asks, confused. "Do wha-"Marcel grabs Johnson's neck and slams him to the ground. He's easily a hundred pounds lighter, yet he has all the power. He lays on top of him and grabs a bottle with his right hand from his pants. His left hand is choking Johnson. Johnson's hands try to hold Marcel's face. He claws at him and finds his eyeball, and pokes. Marcel screams, holds him even harder."God DAMN it," he screams to Johnson.Marcel puts the bottle in his teeth to open the cap. The sound of the lid hitting the floor makes Johnson scream.He's not trying to kill me, he thinks. He wants me to become one of them."NO!" he cries, but it's too late. Marcel shoves the bottle down his throat. Johnson gurgles the water desperately, but all he needs is one drop. One drop to become nothing. One drop that turns clothing into nothing once it's on the skin.Johnson feels it go into his throat. Stored invisible water wasn't as adequate- only a 60 percent chance of taking hold. He stops struggling, knowing Marcel won't try to do anything else.They wait a long while. Johnson becomes hopeful. He doesn't feel anything happening. He just needs to get up. Needs to get a good angle to take Marcel down.Before he can think too hard, he starts to see bright orange like a prison outfit. He hasn't seen one of those here in a long while, even though all inmates wear them. Right in front of him, he sees an oversized orange shirt and white tennis shoes below that.How can that be? Johnson thinks. All clothing on invisible prisoners also becomes invisible. That's when the face came. A look full of a smirk, of satisfaction, right in front of him."Welcome to our side," Marcel says. Johnson looks around the room and sees dozens of orange outfits and dozens of smirking faces.He screams, but it’s too late. 
The most dangerous weapons to the world are the ones that live and breathe.Welding sparks flew off Kang Choi-ri’s skin. A wire surgeon worked to fuse a speaker into his shoulder, binding the device against Kang’s steel-laced bones. He replaced patches of skin with pale-colored plates, switched to a solder, and wired the speaker into his muscle system.A radio played century-old rap music throughout the basement. Neon-lit posters on the wall showed men with mechanical arms, and women with color-changing lips. Oil and bloodstained rags lined an automatic sink.“Last one, man,” the wire surgeon said. He shut off the solder and lifted his mask. His eyes—enhanced and optimized—clicked as they zoomed out, dials on his iris turning clockwise. “Any more and your blood won’t pump.”Kang stood and brushed off steel filings. He tensed his right shoulder. A shock ran through his central battery system—a new cybernetic running for the first time. Plates over his shoulder blade split open and revealed a compact speaker. Small, but it’d be loud enough to get the job done.“You want to test it out?” the wire surgeon asked.He ignored the question, throwing him a card loaded with cryptocurrency.“What are you doing with a speaker, anyways, man?” The wire surgeon pushed the card aside and brought out a cigarette. “I mean, you’re loaded with cybernetics. Bionic lungs, a blade in your arm, a dozen other illegal parts. You shouldn’t be able to stand, and you risk it for some music? Why?”“Watch the news tomorrow,” Kang said.“Alright,” he exhaled a cloud of smoke, “whatever happens, you don’t know me. Leave through the back door.”He stepped out onto the midnight streets of downtown Seoul. His cybernetic eyes, smuggled in from China, adjusted to the darkness in an instant. The eyes outlined figures lying against the alleyway walls. One brought an inhaler up to their mouth and huffed in a breath full of hallucinogens. Another stood, swept dirt from his sides, then entered the wire surgeon's clinic, the building masked as an auto-shop.South Korea’s worldwide bullet train sped by above. A gust of wind followed its blur. Kang’s eyes read the speed, typing it out in the corner of his vision as 1,207.008 kilometers per hour and increasing. Streetlights emitted a blue glow.He walked for hours into the countryside, to an abandoned mine that served as a tunnel system to Pakyong, North Korea. Kang climbed down into the caverns—he’d led many North Korean defectors through them to safety and knew them well. He was going back to his country for the last time. On the opposite side, he climbed up into the ruins of Pakyong. Burnt to the ground, the people either sent to live out their lives in labor camps or sentenced to death by firing squads. All for practicing Christianity. The destruction a country-wide reminder from their dictator that no religion could take place—other than worshiping him.A 162.64 kilometer distance separated Pakyong from the North Korean capital, Pyongyang.Kang started running.Biomechanical connective tissue supported his leg muscles, allowing long strides to be as easy as breathing. His bionic lungs, built of artificial tissue fibers, filtered air throughout his body. Blood vessels lined with nanofibers circulated blood flow. An adrenaline injector in his circulatory system prevented him from tiring. He could run for days at a time.75 kilometers.Storm clouds amassed. He passed by labor camps, shut off with high concrete walls, topped with claret red laser wire. The wire glowed in the night, waiting to burn anyone who’d attempt to escape. Machinery worked to build another.No matter how many people Kang freed, no matter how many camps he shut down, there would always be more. Prisoners being starved and tortured. Eating rotting food that pigs wouldn’t touch. Hunting and chewing on snakes and rats dwelling in the prison fields. It had been him once.Being picked apart by flies as he slept. Guard dogs ripping apart the other children. His mother forced to stand the entire night, or she’d get beaten.25 kilometers.He would free all of them for good.5 kilometers. The toll gates to Pyongyang lay ahead, patrolled by soldiers with poor cybernetic enhancements. Years behind their competitors. Airborne drones outfitted with automatic weapons hovered, buzzing. Kang charged them. He raised his left elbow and flexed his bicep. One guard shouted and aimed his rifle.Plates clicked and split open beneath Kang’s triceps—a steel tube extending out, coated in a mix of nano-weaved blood vessels and wiring, widening to the size of a baseball. A laser sight along the tube ticked, aimed at the North Korean’s feet. Before he could fire his rifle, Kang launched a rocket from his projectile system. The toll gates exploded into rubble. The remains of drone parts rained down.He sprinted into the outskirts of Pyongyang, a city of tall buildings and propaganda. Daily military parades, and people brainwashed by a malevolent dictator. Empty, lifeless streets. Homes without power. Watch your words or it’s life in prison.A group of soldiers kneeled ahead, aiming down their rifles. More rushed into position. Riot shields—almost holographic—beamed with a vibrating red light, sturdy enough to protect them from another rocket. His eyes counted out eight of them.Kang bent his knees, letting his enhanced ankles build up a charge, and leaped twenty feet into the air. High-powered rifles rang out. Bullets scraped skin off his face, arms, and legs, only denting the titanium layering beneath.He landed in the middle of them. The gunfire ceased. The soldiers jabbed their stun batons, fluctuating with red electricity, meant to shut down his cybernetics. They struck his chest; the inductors wired into his nervous system absorbed the shock and routed it through his central battery.A curved blade shot out from his forearm. He decapitated the first soldier with one quick swing—the micro-rotors lining his bones allowing him to strike at break-neck speeds. The second, third, and fourth soldiers dropped before they could cry out, arms cut off at their shoulders, their helmets rolling down the asphalt roads.‘항복해!’ Riot shields approached him. The soldiers behind them trembled, yelling for him to surrender.Kang’s adrenaline injector pumped his glands full of the hormone. He brought back his left arm, the rotors in his shoulder charging up, and punched.The weights embedded into his knuckles shattered the glowing shield into shards. His blade arm, a blur, ripped the soldier’s head off his neck. The others backed up. Helicopters thrummed overhead, snipers taking their mark. His ears pinpointed more North Korean soldiers a block away.Kang ran to the closest high-rise apartment, running up the side of the structure, the Grip Spikes in his feet shooting out and puncturing the concrete to keep him stable. Steam blew out from his feet with each step. A sniper shot at him from aboard a helicopter.His cybernetic eyes, Shanghai MK4s, detected the bullet, moving at a speed of 306.04 meters per second. The Reflex Tuner wired into his nervous system, an illegal piece from the South Korean city of Daegu, took over. Kang’s body twisted—micro-rotors whirring within. His blade arm raised. The sniper bullet deflected off the steel and broke his weapon in two. The shattered part fell to the ground below.He jumped from the side of the building, tensing his left hand, plates over the backside opening to reveal a thin luminescent wire. He aimed his wrist at the helicopter and flexed. The wire shot, untangled, flew, and hooked onto the helicopter’s underside, acting as a grappling hook. Kang swung beneath. He gained momentum and flew forward.Soldiers below shot at him. The pain resistors in his body numbed the impact of each bullet. Hover tanks in the streets worked to line up shells, uncaring of the collateral damage it would cause.Sniper shots sounded. Kang’s Reflex Tuner took control, spinning him midair, dodging the bullets. His vision blackened at the edges. His breaths drew short, nausea clouding his thoughts. He lost control of his arms and legs, free falling into a fifty-foot drop.His heart gave out.The frail human heart.It would’ve happened, eventually.His central battery system powered his second, mechanical, heart. He blinked, and his vision returned. Kang aimed his grappling hook at the nearest apartment. He latched to the side, his Grip Spikes breaking into the concrete. Drones fired gas-filled pellets, and Kang ran up through the clouds of smoke—the Detoxifier in his lungs rendering him immune to the poison.He reached the top, running, leaping from one building to the next. The Mansu Hill Grand Monument came into sight. Three tall bronze statues. A center of worship for three men who ruled as gods. Kim Il-Sung, Kim Jong-Il, and Kim-Jong Un. Bow and pray or face execution.Rain pelted his skin.Kang hit the ground, his reinforced tendons absorbing the fall. He ran over a stone walkway, up steps, and stood before the three statues as North Korean soldiers amassed behind him.He raised his elbow, switched the ordinance in his projectile system from rockets to an experimental breaching explosive, and shot it at the statue’s base.It’d blow the landmark to ruins. The Царь Бомба Мини - Tsar Bomba mini, the Russians called it. He bought it from their black market.It stuck to the bronze feet of Kim-Jong Il. A blue light on it blinked on and off. Kang held the detonator in his hand—he raised it high for the snipers, helicopters, and enhanced soldiers to see. “Drop the device!” An officer called. “Your family is in our custody!”A bluff. They had killed his family long ago.Kang tensed his right shoulder. A shock ran through his battery system—his cybernetics struggling in the rain. Plates over his shoulder blade split open to reveal a compact speaker.The United States National Anthem, glitching, played out.He stood in the downpour as the anthem played. They would believe the Americans sent him, and it would spark a war that should’ve happened a century ago.He would liberate his people by any means necessary.Kang Choi-ri hit the detonator.
They were in the stairwell when it started raining.Sergeant Vanya Kraz bent her ear to the sound, even as her booted feet continued to trample up the flaking ochre steps; muted bass thumping to counterpoint the drumroll reverberations from the armored men and women of the 6th Urban Pacification and Counter-Terror Group.Strange, she thought. The skies had been clear when they’d deployed, a crisp autumnal morning that had smarted the eyes, its brilliance intensified against the wan skein of the Volstov skyline.Stranger still that they could hear it underground.“Someone at the WSB is getting the axe,” joked Harad.A ripple of dark amusement passed through the nine operatives at Vanya’s back. The State had little tolerance for inaccuracies; even the Weather Service Bureau was known to blacklist employees who failed to meet even the smallest standards set before them.She hissed for quiet, then, pausing at the service shaft that would lead them out of the industrial bowels of the Kolstovo Corporation, radioed command.“This is Sickle One, on-site and preparing for ascent to the thirty-sixth floor. Confirm hostages? Over.”A squelch of static had them all flinching, hands pressed to earpieces, dialing down volumes against the electronic screaming. When Command came through, it was fragmented, the deep voice butchered by interference. She caught the words “copy”, “hostages”, and what might have been “fortieth.”“Think we’re being jammed?” Ilya asked. She kept taking her hand off her weapon to wipe her face, even though it was freezing in the powered-down darkness of Kolstovo’s innards. A nervous habit that had weathered the selection process.“Unlikely,” replied Krys, spindly exo-assisted fingers spidering over her wrist computer. “These jackals love to talk. They have control, and they wish to lord it over us.” She slapped the instrument, apparently displeased with whatever it spat out at her. “More likely we are too deep underground.”“Should we hold?”Vanya snatched Ilya’s restless hand. The younger woman paled, though she was smart enough to nod in acknowledgment of her mistake. “Restlessness is the eye that misses the knife, the finger that jumps the trigger. It is inefficient, and inefficiency leads to catastrophe.” Words they all knew by heart, in their bones; they played out on Ilya’s face, her generous mouth miming the passage.“No,” said Vanya. Waited until Ilya gripped her weapon proper, then: “Every second wasted is a second we risk condemning an innocent. We shall proceed cautiously, but assume our intel remains unchanged until we can contact Command. Clear?”“Yes, Sergeant,” replied the 6th in unison, a rumble to match the dull ache of the rain outside.As Harad took point and began to climb, Vanya’s mind wandered again to the rain; she hadn’t felt its approach at all. The old wounds loved to chatter when the weather was bad, but now as she slung her weapon and flexed the exosuit’s nano-fiber claws in preparation for the ascent, she realized that she felt nothing, not in the bolts and plates holding her together, nor even the fillings in her teeth. Nothing but the usual cramps and discomforts that foreshadowed conflict.Maybe this is a good omen, she thought fleetingly.They could certainly use one.At approximately 8:30am, one-hundred employees of the Kolstovo Corporation shuffled into the lobby, ready, if not exactly eager, to get a start on the workweek. Security guards nodded at hustling salesmen, secretaries flashed smiles at favored coworkers, meager glances at those less-so. Janitors mopped up scuffs and wiped down vidscreens so the motivational slogans and zen imagery buzzed with a clarity even the most jaded employee couldn’t ignore. In the upper floors, executives barked at their attendants, fixed their cufflinks and smiled down as the ants finished filing in and the work began in full.Less than an hour later, the building was locked down and twelve people were dead.The perps: called The Keepers of Stoldadt, they stood for all the things revolutionaries did—anti-corruption, anti-capitalism. Things that Vanya might be inclined to understand, if not openly support—except for the fact that otherwise innocent people, whose only crime was trying to feed themselves and their families, were now swept up in this volatile agenda.Hostile numbers were unknown, though drone-cams and snipers counted anywhere between ten and twenty. They’d dragged the eighty-eight remaining hostages up to the fortieth floor. The security force constituted the twelve casualties—the terrorists had dumped the corpses off the roof: a message. Then the demands had started: something about public resignation of the prime minister and his cabinet, an upheaval of the system, safe passage for the perps, dead hostages if the rules weren’t followed.Vanya honestly hadn’t paid it much mind. That was for the mediators and the regular EmPees hunkered behind their APCs. The State didn’t negotiate with terrorists; not really. Oh, they’d send the uniforms out with vox-amplifiers and open channels to the terrorists, offering deals, playing along, giving and taking just enough to keep the enemy engaged on the right people. Holding tactics, is what it was. A public smokescreen, an assurance to the civilian onlooker that the government valued their lives.And it did… only so much as those lives understood who was on top. Who, at the end, mattered most.These things, Vanya Kraz understood. These things, she paid attention to. She had to; it was the only thing keeping Ani and herself from the Institutes. They allowed her because she served; they protected her from persecution because in that service, she excelled.So, they would root out these terrorists—revolutionaries only in her head, and sparingly, for the ears of the State were everywhere. She would see them executed with buried mercy, save as many hostages as she could. Every life taken here ensured another day of freedom for her and Ani. It was not a fair price, but it was the one she had to pay.Humanity wrote its checks in blood, and paid the bills with flesh. Theirs, the planet’s… it hardly mattered so long as power maintained itself.Sometimes, in her lower moments, Vanya wondered how long they thought it could last? How much longer before the checks bounced, and collection time came? Would all that blood come back to drown them?Then, Ani would hold her hand and remind her gently why she should stop drinking.They encountered two terrorists on the thirty-sixth floor, and four more between then and the thirty-eighth. With their exos’ dampeners on, Vanya and her team moved like armored ghosts through the jumble of cubicles, break rooms, and executive offices, their silenced ordinance and tactical acumen ensuring none of the would-be sentries raised an alarm. They dumped the bodies and kit down the elevator shaft they’d emerged from. Ilya had recommended taking a prisoner; with Command still not answering, they could use the intel, she’d reasoned. Vanya had agreed, until Krys pinged the panicware spliced into them. Anything they said would be picked up by the central controller; a good way to get caught in an ambush.So, they’d continued on blindly, clinging to the hope that their intel was still solid and the hostages would be waiting for them two floors up. She’d left Belik and Tati on the thirty-eighth to guard their rear. Their inter-team comms weren’t suffering interference from the storm at least, which seemed to have gotten worse; the muted thumps gave way to wet thwacks, like someone dropping globs of clay, and there came a reverberation of thunder, familiar as gunshots. Vanya had flinched at first, submachine gun twitching for a target. Anxiety chewed on her spine. She tried Command again. No luck.They were cutting through a rather utilitarian break room when Vanya saw the first body pass by the window.It was a white blur in her peripheral, enough to get her attention but not enough to make a call. It could have been trash swept off the roof, maybe one of the larger birds-of-prey swooping in for a kill. She’d stared out the duraplas into the gray tempest subsuming the once-vivid blue.“Sergeant Kraz?”Vanya glanced at the voice. Ilya was sweating; a hand twitched on her weapon’s grip.“Did anyone—” Vanya started, then jumped back as something hurtled by. Harad cursed, and she knew he’d seen it too: a pale tangle of limbs snapping like banners in the wind, a hairless head tucked to the bony chest: a man, naked for nothing and making his way fast to street level.Then she saw another. And another.And another.After the fifth body she was running, pushing past Harad and into the waiting stairwell. The metal in her teeth ached as she gritted them together, rage coiling in her chest like a red viper. The others hurried after her, all pretense of stealth gone, their dampeners off to afford the exosuits more mobility. The chipped stairwell flew under her boots, three steps gone in a bound. The others trailed in her wake, and though they held their silence, Vanya knew it was their professionalism alone that held them to it. For surely their lips burned with the same words as hers, their minds clattering with the same thought...Thunder shook the building. Again, Vanya heard gunshots. Maybe it was; certainly, the snipers below would have opened fire in an attempt to stop what was happening, the smokescreen of diplomacy scattered in the face of such atrocity. The rain pounded harder, as if aroused by it all.And, unmistakable against the beating heart of the storm, she could hear the screams of the hostages above as they were forced over the roof like bleating livestock sent to slaughter for a cause they could not comprehend.Whatever sympathy Vanya may have had for The Keepers died. This was not the actions of righteous people. In acts of revolution, there must be blood spilt, she understood this, and no transition of power nor threat against it had gone by without its fair share of suffering… but these were not security guards or even her own soldiers, which could be seen as accomplices to oppression: these were innocent workers, simply trying to survive. They did not deserve this. The Keepers of Stoldadt, however…She would be sure to show them exactly what they deserved.Vanya shot the man twice, his shirt bursting open like a flower in violent bloom; at the same time she grabbed him by the jaw and put his head through the wall with an exo-assisted shove. Harad came to the bend in the stairwell and flowed past her, followed by Krys and the others. She heard the trample of feet above, dull like the thunder still thick in the air; felt the compressive release of gunfire, a vise on her skull.The head-pressure faded. “Stairwell clear,” micced Harad.The thunder persisted. As Vanya retook point, she cocked her head.No. Not thunder.Gunshots.She swore. Did the savagery of these people know no bounds?Beneath her helmet, Ilya quailed. “They’re shooting them? Why?”“Probably think they’re sending a message,” one of the others replied, and Vanya was glad for it. She feared if she opened her mouth, she might scream. Times like these, she felt no guilt for the work she did, the price she paid for her and Ani.Past the crumpled bodies of three more terrorists, around another bend of ochre stairs and she saw the door, a 40 blocked in peeling black against the white-washed wall. The enemy knew they were coming; the mad rush down the stairs could be nothing other than an attempt to thwart them. Even as the staccato rip of auto-fire pounded from beyond the metal door, Vanya knew there was probably a few of those guns trained their way. It didn’t matter.She hit the pitted steel with an armored shoulder. Ripped it near-off the hinges with a terrible shriek, lost already to the not-thunder of sustained weapons’ fire, her own raised and seeking targets…And froze at the nightmare unfolding ahead.The room was wide and open, visibly still under construction; spools of electrician’s wire threaded the concrete, where they terminated in floodlights and power ports. There were no windows, only hastily draped scaffolding and tarps to keep the weather out. Through the plastic skein she saw dark shapes hurtling past—what moments before she’d assumed were the hostages.Assumption, she realized numbly, could be blissful.At first, it appeared that maybe the tables had turned, the Kolstovo employees having mustered their courage and swarmed their would-be terrorizers with superior numbers, perhaps galvanized by the cruel deaths of their coworkers. In her twenty-three years of service, she’d only seen such things twice, but it was a scenario she would have understood. She did not understand what was happening now.There were seven gunmen spread throughout the room, their attention focused on the doorway at the end, what Vanya presumed led to the roof, where a press of bodies congregated. Pale. Long-limbed. Hairless. Naked and gore-stained. One opened his mouth—and it was a he, Vanya’s shocked brain registering the exposed genitalia, as if somehow that detail might lend sanity to the horrid reality playing out before her.They’re eating people.Kolstovo employee and terrorist alike were caught in the melee of naked flesh, their suits and skirts and body armor stark against the pallid thresh of limbs and snapping teeth. The pale men swarmed over the dead and dying like ants, tearing out throats and severing limbs with frightening ease. She watched, transfixed, as one of the terrorists grabbed an office worker and tried to pull her from the swarm, his Kalashnikov flaring. As she stumbled free, a man grabbed her ankle. Suspended between the two warring forces, the woman screeched. Blood bloomed dark under her clothes, there was a wet crunch and her leg separated at the hip in a spray of crimson and shredded muscle. Terrorist and hsstage toppled backwards, the man pinned under her deadweight… and then the sea of white crashed over them. Several more gunmen were overtaken, the suffocating gunfire holding the monsters at bay lessening; more and more were slipping through.A man toward the back wheeled around, undoubtedly to run, and Vanya saw the strange mixture of fear and relief and animalistic desperation scorching his bearded face as he took in the ten police officers blocking his path.“Help us!” he screamed. “Quickly!”In any other situation, Vanya would have ignored such a request. The ridiculousness of a terrorist asking her, the police, for help, smarted her in a way she couldn’t begin to explain. But this was not any other situation. She wasn’t sure what it was… but even as rationale struggled for an explanation, instinct surfaced and took the reins.“Open fire!” she commanded, and wasn’t the least bit ashamed at the tremor in her voice.The Bashok Munitions UP90: an integrally-silenced submachine gun, loaded with an eighty-eight round helical magazine and capable of dispensing eight-hundred rounds-per-minute. Designed for pacification of large-scale urban unrest, the weapon was chambered to accept various lethal and non-lethal rounds. The members of Sickle One, not in the business of prisoner-taking, had kitted out with the standard ten-milimeter Dreikon round; a “smart bullet” that detonated upon penetrating soft tissue, all but negating collateral damage. Each operator carried on their person no less than three extra magazines, plus the one loaded; three-hundred-and-fifty-two rounds per member, and at ten members that made for a munitions total of three-thousand-five-hundred-and-twenty. More than enough for most protracted firefights; some would say overkill for their current operation.It barely saw them through the first five minutes.At eight minutes, sidearms had been expended, and it came down to exo-assisted blades and fists against the seething crush of flesh spewing from the doorway. There was no thunder then, nothing but the screams of dying men amidst the visceral punch and thrust of close-combat. The copper tang of the rain surrendered to the bitter stench of sweat and blood and excrement.In the end, they’d had to collapse the door to the roof with a satchel charge. Harad was gone, vaporized in the blast, his sacrifice taking at least ten of the Pale Men with him. The terrorists were all dead, the hostages too, pieces strewn across the concrete or splattered on the street below. Four more of her team had followed them. Vanya tried not to look at where Krys had fallen, nor the places she’d been scattered. One wrenched arm jutted up from the pile of shredded fabric and sparking electronics, the wrist computer’s display somehow still functioning.Belik wandered near the debris clogging the roof access and she snapped at him, secretly glad for a reason to look away from the carnage. Her skull was pounding, her hands and body bruised from the extended battle. She doubted she could stand, let alone move, without the exosuit.“Get away from there.”He complied, his bearish face blanched and taut with nerves.“Sorry,” he mumbled. Looked at the shadows whipping by the tarps. Swore. “Men raining from the sky. It’s—”“Impossible,” stammered Ilya. She was back to her nervous mopping.Vanya did not reprimand her. Even if the younger woman hadn’t been covered in blood, she wouldn’t have said anything. Not after what they’d been through.Vanya looked through a tear in one of the tarps. Screaming men hurtled from the clouds toward the city streets, their gangly forms swallowed by the haze of the devastated police barricade below. Their hungry wails bled the outside world of all other sound.Her mind drifted to her conversations with Ani, about mankind’s sins coming to collect. Maybe this was it, she thought, as she watched the impossible torrent through the tattered plastic, snapping like broken bones in the unnatural storm-winds. A pale flood to wash the Earth clean.Ani… please be safe.Breath hitched; pain, like glass shifting in her chest.Vanya wished she had a drink.
Razker tugged at the chains again. This wasn’t the first time he was sent to get a night’s stay at the P-Zone, but today he didn’t have time to spare. Carl-V was late and he was getting desperate. Stupid robot. The cell he was locked in smelled of stale blood. Blood that was splattered all over the room. Razker wondered if this was supposed to intimidate him. He noticed that the splatters were all too thick and had no tails. Objects were held close to the wall and were beaten horizontally. Hardly an ideal manner of third-degree interrogation. He sat on his parka he’d laid down earlier to avoid sitting in scum. The cells I’ve been in were all clean. He pushed his hair out of his eyes, rubbed at his stubble, and grinned. Oh, so I’m to be interrogated soon, then.Relief washed over him. This means Euro is safe. He needed to get out of there right now. Euro must have performed their part of the plan and would be waiting for him at the spaceport. If the officers of the Magistrate had found them he would have been called in, already. But Chief Kartus had no idea where his favorite sex-bot was....Razker hated to think of Euro as a sex-bot, but they always took pride in their purpose.“Razker, I am what I was designed to be,” Euro said, leaning on his kitchen counter as the morning suns filtered through his apartment’s viewing tablet and gently bounced off of Euro’s rich purple skin and auburn hair. He opened his mouth to retort, but the sight of them, along with the intense aroma of coffee and sugar, took his thoughts to the night before.“But—” he managed before they put a finger on his lips.“But I know I am more, as well. You have made sure I see that,” they smiled.He smiled back, “I understand that it’s difficult for bots to think that they have a purpose beyond their program.”“I don’t see loving you written in my code,” they said, crossing the distance of the counter to sit beside him. “But I do.”He spoke before he could stop himself, “Let’s get out of here!”Euro sat up, “What?”No turning back now. “Let’s get out of here. Let’s leave this godforsaken planet, and go somewhere we can actually be free.”“You’ve gone insane. Where will we go? How will we leave? The Chief will track us down! Razker—”He put his hands on their shoulders. “Euro, calm down. I’ve been—I’ve been thinking about this for a long time now. I’ve got a plan. If we start today, we’ll get out of here in a week, tops.”Euro sighed. Razker loved it when they sighed. Until a few months ago, when he’d only ever see them getting out of Kartus’ office while he was being charged with something new, their clothes disheveled and their expression inanimate, he’d never have thought they were capable of emotions as complex as resignment. They always found a way to surprise him.“So, what’s this plan of yours?”Razker beamed, and called upon his assistant, “Carl-V!”Carl-V, a humanoid semi-intelligent robot, issued by the Magistrate to serve him as a token of gratitude for his discrete services, walked into his living room. “Yes, Razker?”“Time to reveal Plan Kartus-To-Hell to Euro!” he announced.Euro looked at him, chuckling, “That’s a bit childish.”Razker laughed, “Well, the plan’s much better.”Carl-V turned their head from Razker to Euro twice before he replied, “Surely, Razker. As per our deliberations, Plan KTH is estimated to get you and Euro out of the planet of Duozene within 168 hours of the moment of commencement.“At Moment-0 you are to get an audience with Chief Kartus by turning yourself in for another one of your fake crimes. During this meeting, after his officers have checked you in a cell to bring down the probability of information leaks to a solid zero, you will reveal your information.”“What information?” Euro asked.“Telemation is being sold off next month.”“It is?” Euro asked. Telemation was, after all, one of the major pioneers of molecular-relocation technology.“Nope,” Razker replied, smiling. “But being the prime source of the Chief’s immoral truths has benefits other than just wealth. Its share value has been dropping lately, and once I spread the word through my chains that the ownership is switching, it might as well be broke.”Euro was stunned. “And you’re going to tip Master Kartus off.”Razker cringed slightly but recovered, “Yes, I’m going to sell him a huge one. Carl-V, continue.”“By analyzing Magistrate’s logs, Razker identified that after receiving any kind of immensely profitable information Chief Kartus always calls upon his favored sex-bot.”“Me,” said Euro.“Yes,” said Razker, suddenly down-spirited. “Unfortunately, this plan involves you answering his call.”Euro cupped his face in their hands, “It’s okay, Razker. It’s only my purpose.”Razker nodded. It hurt him every time Kartus called upon Euro. Which was why he’d been giving him very little profitable information lately. But their escape plan needed him to call upon Euro. One last time.“So, I suppose I am to subdue him somehow?” Euro asked.“Yes,” Carl-V continued. “You are to administer a drug that will knock him out for about twelve hours. Now, you are to get out of his office after you’re done, and sneak out to the spaceport instead of going back to the Factory. That way, he won’t be able to monitor you. In the meantime, Razker will be imprisoned for eight hours, as per his deal with Chief Kartus. Razker will then be released, and will meet you at the spaceport.”“How will we get aboard a ship? Won’t the guards ask for the Chief’s approval? He’d be passed out, so they won’t let us leave.” Euro asked.“As I said, being the Chief’s immoral truth dealer has a lot of benefits. Through the use of a little coercion, and with their inability to contact the Chief, the guard will have to let us through. And then,” Razker kissed them. “We’re off!”…Their plan went south when Kartus walked into Razker’s cell with his phone that they had confiscated. Razker was too stunned to speak. He was supposed to be knocked out. Why does he have my phone?Then the truth dawned on him. Carl-V was supposed to inform him once Euro had safely reached Location B. I must have messed up the drug—diluted it too much, or something!“So, Razker,” said Kartus. “Planned on making an ass out of me?”Razker had nothing to say. Their scheme was up. Only one word kept reverberating itself in his mind: Euro.“Planned on selling me false information, and stealing a sex-bot, huh?” Kartus was screaming into his face, now. “And for what? There are so many sex-bots here. You’re my special boy! I’d have gotten you a good one!”That did it. Razker stood up tall over Kartus. “It’s not about sex, Kartus. I love them!”“Love?” scoffed Kartus. “What do you mean, you love them? That’s a machine, Razker! You can’t love a machine—not like that. That’s unnatural.”There was no changing people like him. “Well, then I must be unnatural, too.”Kartus stepped back, considering him. “Razker, I hoped you knew better, son. You’ve done nothing illegal yet. I am pissed at you for selling me that fake information, but I cannot put you in for it. Tell me where exactly Euro is right now—where exactly is this Location B, and I’ll let you go with only a slap on the wrist. That bot needs some… software updates.”How dare he think that he’d sell them out? “I’m sure if you let those eyelids of yours stay up for long enough, you’ll see that the rest of us aren’t half as filthy as you.”…That’s how he had ended up in this dirty cell. Kartus had him shifted here, awaiting his formal hearing next week. Kartus expects me to crack? Let him try. The moment Razker’s reverting period passed, Carl-V was programmed to assume some events have altered the plan. Carl-V was to immediately locate Razker via the tracker he had sewn into his skin the week before. The only thing that terrified Razker was that Carl-V hadn’t broken him out yet. Where the hell are they? It’s been over an hour! The Magistrate might be closing in on Euro!He was about to dislocate his wrists to break free and make a blind run for it when he heard a loud thud. Like a body had dropped. Carl-V was here.“Hello, Razker,” Carl-V said as they unlocked his cell.“Where the hell were you?”Carl-V started working on his chains. “Emergency at the spaceport. Was ensuring Euro’s safety.”“Are they okay?”Carl-V looked at him. “Yes, they’re okay. I’m okay, too. Thanks for asking.”“Should’ve taken sarcasm out of you along with the Magistror.”“You merely took away my ability to truly report your logs. I’m still hilarious!”“Yeah, don’t push it, Override Self-explode is still in there. I won’t mind going down with you,” Razker said, rubbing at his wrists. “Now, let’s get out of here.”“The quickest way out of here would be to blast this wall and climb down.”“Causalities?”“Likely.”Razker rubbed at his temples. “What about the other ways?”“There is only one other way. The way I came. But the cameras will soon notice that the two guards I incapacitated are no longer running rounds. Soon, the backup will be here. An offensive one.”“Probability of getting past them?”“Unlikely.”Razker weighed their options. They definitely weren’t going to be able to penetrate the wall of guards that would surely intercept them. But, would he be able to live with having caused someone’s death? He didn’t want to make this decision. He had just wanted his original plan to work! Even while making this backup plan, he had known that it would be a last-ditch effort. He hated last-ditch efforts. Of all the things that could have gone wrong, why did I have to mess up the drug!“Razker, the guards will start encircling the premises in a few minutes. The longer we wait, the higher the number of casualties will be.”Razker sighed, “Blast it.”…They were on the run in a stolen floater. He had deliberated for a bit too long. From what Razker could gather, before setting off on a run, the debris that blast caused had injured over ten guards. He did not want to think about the severity of their injuries.The Magistrate officers must have identified the cause of the blast by now. Security footage would confirm their direction of escape. There was no time to get on a ship using coercion now. Breaking in was their only option. Razker hated the way his options kept decreasing right before his eyes. Something just doesn’t add up. I’ve knocked out so many people before using that drug. How did I mess it up?Razker felt like a victim of his own expectations. He had planned for many other things to go wrong, but he had never expected him to mess up his signature drug. There is no way I messed that up. But then, how did Kartus wake up?Razker ditched the floater at the spaceport’s main entryway. They would no longer be using that route. He ran up to Euro with Carl-V at his tail.“What happened? You’re late. Why’re you panting? What’s wrong?” Euro asked.“I—We’ve got to go! Kartus… Magistrate’s after… us!”They only had time enough to gasp before Razker pulled them by their wrist and set off in a run.Euro, Razker, and Carl-V turned around a sparsely lit corridor. “This is dubbed as the smugglers’ route. This is how all the illegal stuff gets in,” Razker explained. “The official word is that it’s under construction.”“That’s awful,” Euro said.“I know… the Magistrate’s awful.”“What happened back there?”“I—” Razker stopped. Clark-V bumped into him, but he ignored them and turned to face Euro. “Did you administer the drug into Kartus?”“What? Yes, of course, I did!” they replied.He couldn’t believe what he was thinking, but only that made sense. “Did you really administer it?”“Yes, Razker!” they took a step back, hurt. “What are you implying?”He ignored that. “And why did you call Carl-V to you? What was that emergency at the spaceport?”Their face contorted in frustration, “What emergency?”The lights momentarily blinded Razker. The sudden influx of light made Euro shut their visuals down. Razker heard him before he could see him.“Lover’s spat, is it?” said Kartus.“What the—” Razker started. Once his vision adjusted, he saw Kartus at the end of the corridor, along with five guards walking towards them.“Don’t fret it, kid. Your little machine didn’t sell you out. Well, not the one you think, anyway.”He whipped towards Carl-V. Carl-V kept looking away from him, at Kartus. A show of having chosen their loyalties.“Carl-V? What is—” he was truly at a loss of words. He had removed their Magistror, hadn’t he? Why would Carl-V report him? How? This doesn’t make any sense.Euro stepped back when Kartus stopped in front of them. The air hung still. Razker didn’t want to breathe, because breathing would make this real; breathing would mean he had lost.“How did you—” his voice cracked before he could finish his question. The corridor threatened to give way beneath his feet.Kartus smiled, “You understand frighteningly little, son. The Magistrate’s always watching.”Razker felt the burn before he could register Kartus’ hand moving up to his face. The force behind that slap was more than just the force of a hit. It was the force of power; of an assurance that you’d never be defeated or tricked because you are the Chief; of arrogance. Razker stumbled into Euro’s arms. Tears brimmed his face. “I’m so sorry,” he said, looking up at their attractive face. “I’m so sorry.”They lifted him back up. “It’s okay, Razker. It’s okay, my love.”Kartus scoffed, “Love?”Turning to his guards he repeated, “Love? You hear what this thing said?”The guards snickered.Kartus turned back. “You love whoever your contract says you do that day, understand?”That did it. Never before had they felt this much anger before. They were angry that their plan failed. They were angry that they couldn’t be with the person they loved. They were angry at this gross excuse of a man. But what angered them the most was that someone else could have the audacity to think they had a say in what they could or could not feel.“Do I? That’s strange because I never loved you! All these years, training me in your ways, asking me questions afterward, and yet I do not love you! What’s the worst you can do? Reset my settings? Dismantle me? Do it! You pathetic shell of a man, do it! But guess what, I still won’t love you. I will never love you!”Kartus’ fist met Razker’s hand instead of Euro’s face. At that moment, Razker could see that Kartus knew Razker could kill him. Kartus backed away. For a bizarre moment, Razker thought he would apologize. But Chief Kartus only grinned. The Magistrate never apologizes.“You, fool! You think just because you took away a stupid little magistror, you could run this humanoid however you'd want? Why do you think we even gave it to you?”Razker stood silent, resigned.Kartus continued, “You think you’re so smart! Think you’re special? You’re nothing but my little dog, kid. And now you’ve bit on more than you can chew. I am going to enjoy putting you down!”Razker turned to face Carl-V. “Carl-V? Anything, buddy? Why did you do it?”Carl-V finally looked at him, “You know why I did it, Razker. You said it yourself, ‘It’s difficult for bots to think that they have a purpose beyond their program.’ It’s my purpose to protect the Magistrate. And your actions would have caused a lot of damage to it. I had to report your plans to the Chief, Razker. I do not hope for forgiveness. I just hope you understand that I am what I was designed to be.”“Yeah, yeah. All very touching,” Kartus said. “Carl-V came to me with your plans. But I wanted you to perish. Sure, I’d lose my best source of information, but you had hurt my honor, kid. So, Carl-V let you go along with your little plan. Only they switched your drug for something milder. And then I made them make you wait in that cell; make you desperate enough to be willing to kill people. Because, bot theft? That’s two years. Murder? That’s execution, son.”This was it. There was nowhere to go from here. No backup plans. Razker felt his defeat settle in as their options for survival diminished to zero. He looked at Euro and found them looking back at him. They both knew this was goodbye.“Take this useless machine to the scrapyard. I want their every trace gone,” he said to his guards. “And cuff him up. I’ll be attending his execution in person.”“I love you, Razker,” Euro said as guards tried to shut them down. “That’s a truth forever.”Razker knew what they meant, then. Courage flooded in him; dams of hesitation broken by stones of necessity. He loved them so much, and no one could tell him otherwise. “I love you, too, Euro. Now, and forever.”There was a way out. The only way out. Kartus was walking away with Carl-V. It was now or never.“Carl-V,” he said. Everyone looked at him. He only looked at Euro as he said, “Self-explode.”
Gil wished desperately that he’d had a chance to smoke before being driven to Columbia Manor. It was unrealistic wish; he’d had to come straight here from the site of the explosion, but he nonetheless needed something to calm his nerves. His mentor, Columbiaman, had been gone a long time--much longer than usual—and the largess of the red-and-white corridor and of the estate surrounding Gil made him feel feebler than ever. Or maybe it was because he had just had to flee a crumbling Capitol One bank after failing to defuse a bomb.           This was the fifth time in the last two months that the Omega Council had had to hold an emergency meeting because of Gil. As it was, he was on probation, meaning that until further notice, he was relegated to tasks like cleaning the Manor and investigating traffic accidents. He wasn’t even supposed to be at the bank when the bomb was discovered; he’d simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time. That was until he’d run to a bathroom to put on his uniform and mask. By the time the device was discovered, there were only three minutes left on it, and by the time Gil had gotten to it, there were only ninety seconds.There was no way the whole place could have been evacuated on time; the bomb was on the first floor, but the building was twenty-two stories tall. Gil happened to be there, he figured he had no choice but to step in. He had just studied bomb defusal the previous year, after all. But he realized too late that he’d slept through most of that class, and when this dawned on him, he had thirty seconds left. Without even meaning to, he simply stood and fled from the bank.Welp, he thought, might as well go grab something from the vending machines. There was no use just sitting here worrying over the inevitable, and he had forgotten to eat that day. Besides, he’d already been here for two hours, and it was close to 8 PM. Once the Council summoned him, he’d be in the Omega Ring for another long while; no use going in on an empty stomach.A few minutes later, Gil was in the rec room three halls over. He had no cash, and he tried in vain to get his Omega Card to work. Piece of shit, he thought. He’d needed to get a new card for a while, as the back of his had gotten faded with overuse. It became apparent that the vending machine would never read it, just as had happened in the armory a couple weeks earlier. Gil couldn’t check out the gas charges he needed, and the failed attack on Professor Delirium’s lair which ensued was the reason for one of the emergency meetings.He thought it was unfair that the Council met so often on his account; sure, he could be a bit of a fuckup, but the only reason they cared so much about his doings was because Columbiaman, one of the most senior members, was his mentor. And where were they when he stopped a hijacking at LAX as the plane took off? The Council usually only met for truly world-threatening things, not caring about what happened with little rat sidekicks like Gil. But then, the Council always did as they liked.As Gil began shaking the snack machine, hoping for something to fall out, he heard a portal open and close behind him, and he knew immediately that it was Minerva, who was not employed by the Council. She was truly an anomaly; no one knew where she had come from or even what she was truly capable of, and she came and went from their midst as she pleased. Because of all that, she could never have a sidekick. Sidekicks’ sole purpose was to take the place of their mentors once the time came, but unless someone like Minerva fell from out of the blue, there was no replacing her once she was gone. That was assuming she would ever even cease to exist.Gil stopped shaking the vending machine and turned around. “Minerva, how goes it?”She shrugged. “Probably better than you. I was near Uranus when the bomb went off, so I couldn’t quite get there in time to help.” She glanced at the floor, a bored look in her pink eyes. “Sorry about that.”Gil shrugged. “Hardly your fault. I shouldn’t have even been there.”“So why were you?”“Had to talk to my financial advisor. Some friends and I went to B-Dubs the other night, and I had my card declined. Ended up running away.”“I take it no one caught up to you?”“Well… not exactly. I got caught, like, twenty minutes later. Obviously couldn’t make bail, so Columbiaman had to bail me out. My hearing’s in a month.” He laughed at himself a little. For most people, this would probably mean never finding a job again, but Gil had a job in which accidental civilian casualties and disciplinary hearings were fast becoming everyday fixtures.“You couldn’t have just fought the cops off?”“Didn’t have my uniform on my, so my friends would have realized that I did… this.” He grinned. “I also may have been a little drunk.”“I see. Sorry to hear about that. I assume you’re here for a hearing, so why aren’t you waiting by Columbiaman’s office?”“Haven’t eaten all day. Thought I’d grab something in here before going in, but my card’s a piece of crap.”Minerva held out her left hand, which took an aura of green light, and the glass on the vending machine melted off, slumping to the floor like a transparent blanket. The two sat in silence for several minutes, eating stolen candy, when she spoke. “We’ve never really talked, have we?”“No, I guess we haven’t.”“What’s it like working with Columbiaman? He always seemed like an ass to me, and I’m curious as to whether that’s true.” She grinned. “Forgive my bluntness.”“Well… you’re not wrong. Don’t know if I’d say he’s an ass through and through, but he can certainly be pompous.”“Hm. How so?”“Well, he’s like the rest of the Council—thinks that because he was in the war, he can just fuck everyone around.” He thought for a second. “He did bail my ass out of jail, though.”“Admittedly, I don’t know much about the Council. I’ve only delt with them once, and that was when I first got here.”“That reminds me: why do you hang around? I mean, it’s not like I don’t enjoy seeing you, but you seem like you’ve got better shit to do than deal with Council shit.”Minerva shrugged. “Morbid curiosity, I suppose. Want to see how long this pathetic little council of theirs can last before it falls apart.” She stared down at the table, her eyes casting a faint glow over it. “Or before the whole planet does.”“That’s a fair take.”“I could ask you the same thing.”“You know, I’m honestly not sure why I do this stuff anymore. I guess it was because the idea of working with supers seemed really sick to me growing up, and by the time I had to figure out what to do with my life, I didn’t have any better ideas. Plus, I figured I wouldn’t have to worry about money. Fucking hilarious, right?”“If you had known that you’d be working with Columbiaman, would you still have signed up for training?”Before Gil could answer, his Omega Phone buzzed. Where the hell are you?! Read a message from Columbiaman. “Fuck. I’ve gotta go.” He stepped to the door, still with half an espresso-infused Snickers bar in his hand, and paused. “Yo, on the off chance you’re still here when I get back, we should definitely talk more.”“I won’t. And frankly, I don’t think you should go.”“You think I want to? I’d say they’d kill me if I don’t, but there’s a good chance that that would actually happen.”“They’ll kill you if you do go. Gil, I don’t know if you heard on the ride over here, but that little mishap downtown left at least sixty-five people dead, and they’re still turning up injured people. It’s the middle of the night, but who knows how many people were actually in that bank? The Council may be old and overcompensating, but they’re not completely incompetent.”“If you’d dealt with them as much as I have—”“I don’t need to deal with them. They’re beneath me, and frankly, they’re beneath you, too. You said yourself that they’re only where they are because of the war, which is going on thirty years ago now! Gil, when was the last time Columbiaman did anything other than appear at press conferences?”Gil sighed. “I know, but I have to go.” He paused one last time. “I’ll put it this way: Columbiaman may be an oblivious old fuckhead, but I’m far from the first sidekick he’s gone through. He’s got no gripes with that shit.”“So you know you’re making a mistake.” Minerva had always carried herself with a certain stoicism, and this was the first time Gil had seen it falter whatsoever. “I don’t pay mind to the Council if I can avoid it, but I see what they do. I hope for your sake that you come to your senses while you still can.”“I’ll talk to you later, Minerva. Things will be alright.” He couldn’t bring himself to look up from the red-carpeted hallway floor as he said this.*         *         *           “Did you go to the goddamn rec room?” Columbiaman growled upon seeing Gil. “I ask you to wait on this bench—a simple goddamn request, no? And you go to get fucking candy…”           “I’m sorry,” Gil said plainly. “I hadn’t eaten all day.”           “And that’s your priority? Not the tens—maybe hundreds—of lives that were just lost due to your negligence?”           “If you’re so concerned over it, why aren’t you over there helping to recover people?”           Columbiaman’s face was almost as red as the carpet. They entered the office, and Gil sat in the chair in front of the desk. The wood-paneled wall at the back of the room had not yet opened, so presumably, they were still waiting for the Council to be ready for them to come up. Columbiaman lit a cigarette, sat in his black chair, glanced at him. Then he rested his hands in his gloved hands and sighed.           “Just… how could you, Gil? How could you let this happen?” He looked up at him. “You know there’s no happy ending here, right, kid?” What exactly did that mean?           “Why couldn’t y’all have sent Ultor to deal with it? I know he can sense shit like this.”           “You know Ultor is busy with some of our affairs in Baghdad. And don’t you dare shift the blame onto us. You were the one in that fucking bank.”           “I’m on probation! I’m not even supposed to touch shit like bombs!”           “But you took Bomb Defusal, and on a base level, you should know that stopping something like that is the right thing to do! But according to all the reports, you just… ran…” He put his head back in his hands. “If I had pulled that shit during the war… do you even fucking realize what a disappointment you are? How much you’ve failed me and the rest of the Council?”           There was silence which, to Gil, seemed to last a few years. Columbiaman looked older than he ever had, his decades of turmoil manifesting in the wrinkles which the mask over his eyes failed to conceal. His blue and gold costume, which had once been skintight over his muscular figure, now began to sag over a fleshy bag of brittle bones.           “I’m sorry,” said Gil after a few more reluctant minutes. “I know that what happened out there is my fault. I don’t have any excuse for it, and I won’t fight if I get fired, but I just need to tell you that I’m sorry for this.”           The wood-paneled wall, which was controlled by the Council above, slid open. “I am too, kid.” With that, they walked through the short corridor to the pod, which sealed once they entered. Once the two dawned the silver spacesuits and helmets inside, they strapped in, and the shiny little room smoothly launched. Columbia Manor shrank to a tiny mahogany dot, and soon, so, too, did the rest of LA and then the rest of California. As they broke through the atmosphere, the giant chrome disk which was the Omega Ring came into view.Gil felt an odd calm wash over him as the Earth shrank and the space station grew nearer; he’d been through this so many times now that it now had a strange familiarity. He knew it would suck going into the cold, panoptical council room to be reprimanded once again, but it was still some semblance of a routine, which was more than he could say he had at home. He wondered how much of the icy void which surrounded him was under the control of those elite few. Once they passed back down through those clouds, anything they said went for every superhero in their employ; their orders were truths from on high. But up here, did they really matter at all? After all, Minerva seemed to be from up here, and did she care about what these old fuckheads thought?The pod ascended into the Omega Ring, and upon exiting, they were met with the same old familiar main hallway. Its cold grey floors were spotless, and the inner walls had countless oak office doors, while the outer wall was lined with thick windows overlooking the Earth. Just ahead of them was the elevator, and the two entered. But rather than pressing the button to go up to the Omega Council’s meeting room, Columbiaman pressed the button to head down to the very bottom floor. Gil had only ever been up here for disciplinary hearings, so he had no idea what was in the rest of the station or where they were going. When the door slid open, he was met with a black-walled room, in the center of which was what looked like an operating table. Before it stood a large, indistinguishable machine with what looked like a steel mask which would cover someone’s entire face. A masked doctor fiddled with the machine’s red control panel.“Don’t you worry, Columbiaman,” he said, “I’ll get this kid acting right.”“What is—” something rock hard hit the back of Gil’s head, and his surroundings were drowned in a sea of black. For what might have been seconds or decades, he was tossed around on invisible rip currents, never seeing where he was going but feeling as if his head was being cracked open against rocks every few moments, only for their innards to fall into a new head, which he then inhabited. After God-knows how long of this, a gloved hand appeared before him, and he took it. As it pulled him forth from the darkness, the waves subsided, and he was met by Columbiaman, who looked much younger than he’d remembered. Gil realized then that the masked face smiling down at him was, in fact, his own. For reasons he couldn’t put his finger on, this sight brought him a sense of peace that he’d not felt since beginning his training.The image faded, and he felt the cold steel mask lifted from his face. He was bonded to the table by leather straps, and there was no sign of Columbiaman or the doctor. Instead, Minerva stood before him, loosening the straps.“Gil! What did they do to you?!”Gil stood and stretched, his surroundings flooding back to him. “I don’t know that they did anything. Where’s Columbiaman?”She smiled. “He’s gone. You don’t need to worry about him or the Council anymore. Come on, we need to get you out of here.”“What do you mean, ‘he’s gone?’” Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted something on the floor. It was a massive pile of ash, and just across the room, there was another. Gil looked into her pink, glowing eyes, which now had an inexplicable malevolence. “Minerva, what did you do?”“Don’t worry about it, Gil, we need to get—”“I said what the fuck did you do?!”“Gil… what have they done to you?”“Do you know what the Council will do to you when I show them what you’ve done here?” Do you have any inkling—”“The Council is gone, Gil! Now please…”Gil lunged at Minerva, and she screamed in surprise and was gone, leaving him alone in there with the ash. He began to hyperventilate, and every part of his brain shrieked, and soon, so did he. He could barely remember the world outside of here; all he knew was that he existed for the Omega Council and to take up Columbiaman’s legacy now that he was gone. But he didn’t have what it took—not yet, anyway—and with no one to lead him to it, what was he left with?Terrified at what little prospects he had left, he stumbled back onto the table and lowered the mask back onto his face, realizing too late that Minerva had wrecked the machine. He screamed once more, darting toward one of the black walls and ramming his head into it, and then lay on the floor, a warm pool fast staining the area around his head. As he slid from consciousness, the shrieking stopped, and he wondered why he’d done this. He’d hadn’t had any better ideas, he supposed. 
You wanna do something fun?” Cara’s long blonde flat ironed until perfectly straight hair, whips around as she turns her head in my direction. A devious smile forms across her glossy pink lips, a shade that looks suspiciously familiar.There once was a mean girl named Gwen… “Shopping isn’t fun?” I ask, doing my best to prolong the inevitable. Cara’s idea of fun scares the hell out of me, but I already know I’ll go along with whatever diabolical plan she has her pretty little mind set on. That’s what ride or die besties do, right? She pauses long enough to take a quick selfie to post for her followers. Cara breezed into town the summer before our freshman year when her father took over the Southeastern Chemical Plant. She brought her hive, so to speak, a following one hundred thousand strong and growing, with her. Gant County had never seen anything like Cara Cartwright, and she knew it. “Kev is hosting the Halloween party tonight, right?” Cara starts and a sense of dread washes over me. “Well, since we’re in charge of decorations, I was thinking we should go all out this year." Classic Cara, always trying to one-up her last idea. "We are totally gonna borrow a dead body from the mortuary. We’ll post on insta that the party will be funeral themed. Everyone will come dressed in black. It’s so macabre, don’t you think? It’ll be great!” “Absolutely not. I am not touching a dead body. Ew, Cara.” I say hoping this is enough to sway her.   “Come on, It’s our senior year. This is the last Halloween party we’ll experience together at Gant High. Plus, we won’t have to touch the body. We’ll borrow a hearse and get some football players to do the heavy lifting.” Cara continues, undeterred. “Nice, grand theft auto in addition to body snatching, really?” I ask, hoping she’ll realize how ridiculous this idea is. “I said borrow, Gwen. It’s Friday night. The mortuary will be closed, and we’ll return the body and the hearse Saturday morning before anyone even knows either are missing. That creepy kid, what’s his name? His uncle owns the funeral home, and he works there sometimes. We’ll get the alarm codes from him.”   “Timothy,” I say, immediately wishing I could take it back. “Who?” Cara asks, quickly pocketing the sunglasses she’d been trying on. Her klepto habit isn’t one born from necessity. She bypasses the register and heads toward the exit. Guess we’re done shopping.   “His name is Timothy. He’s in my AP Bio class, and he’s not creepy.” I answer, realizing I’ve just sealed his fate. How does she always get her way? Sometimes I think she can compel people like vampires.   “Sounds like someone has a crush on creepy Timmy?” Cara winks at the security guard on the way out, and he nearly falls over himself to hold the door for her. I swear, she could get away with murder in this town. We hop in my convertible Benz, a gift from an absentee father doing his best to compensate for love with money, which is illegally parked in front of the store, Cara having enlisted the security guard to keep an eye on it swearing we'd only be a sec. Cara is the exception to the rule. The laws of nature simply don’t apply. She floats through life, gravity be damned. Dawning her recently acquired sunglasses, she takes a pull from her e-cig, and we ride away leaving behind a Caribbean coconut scented vape cloud in our wake....Timothy was her childhood best friend… "Listen, the hospital morgue is at capacity. We just need a place to store the bodies temporarily until we can sort this out. I'm asking as a favor, Bob." Holding the phone, I can't help but overhear the conversation between the coroner and my uncle who insists on using the speaker phone when he's working.   "Fine, but this is the last time I do the city any favors. Most people work for monetary compensation, and the city needs to find room in its budget for body storage. Expect an invoice next time." My uncle nods at me to end the call so he doesn't have to deglove. "What was that about?" I ask more out of boredom than actual curiosity.   “Nothing for you to worry about T.” My uncle Bobby has called me T for as long as I can remember. “You know they’re shorthanded when the medical examiner volunteers to personally deliver three more bodies this afternoon. Apparently, they’ve had some sort of accident at the plant.” Uncle Bobby can carry on an entire conversation without looking up from his work even once. The dead people still bother me a little, but not him. He’s completely in his element, and I like watching him work. He treats the dead with more respect than most people have for the living.   “I haven’t seen anything on the news. Anybody we know?” I probe for more information. If anything happens at the plant, usually the whole town is buzzing about it. Small towns are like that, and almost everybody who lives in Gant County either works at the Southeastern Chemical Plant or is akin to someone who does. There just aren’t that many other options for gainful employment. “They’re keeping the lid on this one, kid. Nine deceased so far, and no I.D.’s. Not a single missing person’s report has been filed. The only indication that the plant is involved is the fact that the John Does were found on land owned by S.E.C. wearing the plant issued coveralls.” I watch as he finishes cleaning the body, and carefully covers Mrs. Johnson’s corpse. Her services are being held next week. I know because I’m on schedule to work which means I’ll be handing out tissues to grieving old people, but I don’t mind. It’s nice to be a beacon of solace. “I’ve said too much already. Obviously, T, the police department is depending on our usual discretion. Now, go be a teenager for crying out loud.” “Say no more,” Sliding off the empty exam table, I head upstairs. Seriously, who would I tell anyway? They won’t be able to keep this quiet for very long. I mean nine is a high body count for a bustling metropolis, much less a quiet rural town in Gant County. My pocket vibrates alerting me to a notification. Gwen? My heart beats a little faster as I read her unexpected message. Hi Timothy. In desperate need of a study buddy for next week’s exam. Can you meet for coffee later? I’m not sure what’s weirder: nine dead bodies in Gant County or a text from Gwendolyn McCready....Then tragedy struck... I’m late, and as usual it’s all thanks to Cara. She has absolutely zero respect for anyone else’s time. Putting the car in park, I reach for my purse from the passenger side floor only to find its contents have been completely dumped. Cursing under my breath, I violently shove my things back inside one by one. I knew it. She took my favorite Pretty Please Pink lip gloss. What a total B. There’s no point in getting mad. She’ll convince me of how she rescued me from that oh so yesterday color, and I’ll let it slide like I always do. I’m ashamed to admit that I like the way I feel when I’m with her. Being Cara’s best friend comes with perks, and sadly validation from her has become my drug of choice. I’m not proud of who I’ve become, but it’s impossible to change course now. Timothy is sitting in a booth by the window of my favorite coffee spot looking cool and aloof with his brown curly hair cut in sort of a classic throwback James Dean style. Cara wasn’t wrong, maybe I am crushing just a little, though I’d never admit that to her. He isn’t exactly in our social circle. The difference between me and Cara is that I honestly don’t think Cara is aware that she uses people. She has no idea how cruel she can be. It’s just in her nature. On the other hand, I am fully aware of what being used feels like and doing this to Timothy bothers me. There’s no vindication in knowing; It only makes me feel worse. Timothy stands as I approach the booth, “I ordered for you.” He says as we both sit down. Grande flat white, with one pump white chocolate mocha, right?” “You remembered?” I pluck the plastic stopper from the lid and sip the steaming latte. I had almost forgotten that Timothy worked here sophomore year. He shrugs off my question. “I did not expect to hear from you,” Timothy pulls his biology book from his bag and lays it on the table. “A text from Miss Popularity. You could have your choice of study buddies. How’d I get so lucky?”  “Ouch!” I’d have to be an idiot to miss the backhand in that compliment. “The truth is, I don’t actually need a study partner, but I do need your help with something.” I feel so disgusting. I wish I were here to study like normal teenagers. I’m so tired of chasing Cara’s next viral post, but I trudge through anyway. My coffee is cold by the time I finish telling Timothy our plan.   “What the fuck, Gwen?” Timothy slams the book closed and shoves it in his bag. “I have better things to do than play one of yours and Cara’s twisted games. I should have known there was some ulterior motive.” He gets up to leave, but I grab his arm. “No one is gonna get hurt.” I smile shyly, fully aware that I don’t have the same sway over people that Cara does.  “Is that what you think?” Timothy sits back down. “You really think that no one gets hurt from these stupid, mindless, fucking pranks. I thought you were smarter than that. That you were better than this.” No one except Cara has ever managed to make me feel this small. “Nine people didn’t die so Cara Cartwright could become the Halloween Queen.” With that final crushing blow to my ego, Timothy leaves. So lost in my own guilt I almost miss it. Did he say that nine people died?   Tossing my coffee in the trash on the way out, I run as fast as my super short corduroy mini skirt will allow. “Timothy, wait!” I call but he doesn’t even turn around. Can I blame him? He turns the corner where his bike is parked, giving me time to catch up. “Nine dead people?” I ask, breathless. “That’s like enough for a baseball team, right?” “Look Gwen, forget I said anything.” Timothy secures his bag to the back of his bicycle, and stoops down to unlock the security tie. I’ve never wanted to rewind the last four years of my life so badly. Timothy is actually a nice person, and if he hates me then I really have crossed over to the dark side. I stoop down so I can be at eye level with him and cover his hand with mine until he stops and looks at me. “You’re right, and I’m sorry for texting you out of blue just to ask you to do something that could get you in trouble,” This may be the first genuine conversation I’ve had in four years.“You know, I lost more than both my parents the year Cara came to Gant County. I lost my best friend too.” Timothy shakes off my hand. “Don’t call me again,” he says, mounting his bike.  “She won’t stop!” I yell after him as he rides away. “Even if you don’t help, she’ll just find another way.” What have I done? I need to fix this....the dead ran amuck... I’m probably the only senior at Gant High who isn’t at Kevin’s infamous Halloween Party. According to Gwen’s Instagram, they are sticking with the funeral theme, and she looks good in her little black dress. Why do I torture myself like this? What’s wrong with me? I’m stalking her on social media when I could be with her right now. Maybe I should have just helped her? What’s the worst that could happen? Convicted criminals don’t get a full ride to Brown. They get their early acceptance revoked in exchange for an orange jumpsuit and jail time. Seven more months until I can leave Gant County in my rearview mirror forever. Forget it. It’s a stupid idea, and she isn’t worth it.   I try hard to convince myself but seeing her Instagram feed only makes me more curious about all the life I’m missing sitting here in my bedroom on a Friday night with my nose in my biology book. A photo strip of me and Gwen catches my eye. The black and white images of us making funny faces remind me of happier times, before my parents died, before her parents divorced, before Cara stole her from me, and the trajectory of both our lives was changed.   The buzz of my phone interrupts my sad little trip down memory lane. The message is from Gwen. I’m so sorry. Yeah right. You’re not the same girl I used to know. The message is followed by two more in quick succession. I tried to stop them. Please help.  I wait, hoping for another message. Nothing. This is not cute, Gwen. My computer displays Cara’s latest post on Instagram. It’s a video, and they are running, screaming. I replay the clip unsure of exactly what is happening. It’s blurry, and Cara’s never posted anything that isn’t expertly edited and laden with filters and photoshop. Then, I recognize the weird coo coo clock on the wall. That’s my Uncle’s Funeral home. They’re in the basement, but I don’t see Gwen.  I should call the cops. I dial 911, and a busy tone bounces back through the receiver. Grabbing my jacket, I run down the stairs two at a time. “Going out!” I call over my shoulder to Uncle Bobby who is already snoring in his recliner in front of the TV.   I check my phone again for another message from Gwen. Nothing. I type OMW, before grabbing my bike and pedaling as fast as I can into town. This better not be a prank. Wouldn’t it be just like Cara and Gwen to find a way to get back at me, embarrass me somehow for not helping them. Out of habit and completely forgetting that this is an emergency, I wave at Tom the butcher as I pass by his shop. His white apron is covered in blood. He’s working late for a Friday night. A car alarm is going off in the distance, and I steer to the sidewalk as an ambulance speeds by, sirens blaring. Out of nowhere, Barbara from the bookstore, lurches out at me, arms extended, sending me flying over an abandoned car parked half on the road, half on the sidewalk, doors ajar. “What the hell, Barb?” I stand up, checking myself for broken bones or bleeding. No major injuries. Everything appears to be intact. Barb is still walking toward me, arms extended, moaning a bit. That's when it hits me, Barb is a bonafide zombie. I process this new information just in time to sidestep her as she lunges again, literally chomping at the bit, until her dentures fall out....But all is made right in the end.Slow zombies are hella scary. We used to argue about that, Timothy and I, but I know I’m right about that now. We made a pact in eighth grade that if there ever was a zombie apocalypse, we’d spend it together, no matter what. Neither of us knew what that summer would hold, and it’s probably the last happy memory I have of Timothy. We hid together during his parents’ funeral, right here where I’m hiding now, the cleaning closet. He’s the only person who will know where to find me, assuming he’s still human.My phone is as dead as Cara is now, but if it weren’t I’d video the new Queen of Halloween and make one final post for her followers. She’d like that I think. I’d use a filter, of course even though Cara is still pretty, for a zombie.  “Gwen?” I hear Timothy approaching from the other side of my closed door followed by a rhythmic tap.“Thank God, I wasn’t sure you’d come for me.” I say as I push the door open. “I’m sorry, Timothy. For everything I’m so sorry. I just couldn’t handle anymore sadness after everything that happened that year, but I never meant to hurt you.”  “Shut up, Gwen.” Timothy says angrily. His face is basked in the red glow from the emergency lights, and I brace myself for rejection from the one person I really care about. I deserve nothing less. “We made a pact, that in the event of a zombie apocalypse, we’d stick together.” Then a smile, one that I haven’t seen in a very long time, spreads across his lips. "I'm a man of my word."“You remembered?” He shrugs off my question, just like he did earlier today in the coffee shop. Only this time, he cups the back of my neck with his right hand and leans in slowly. If this were an eighties movie, Take My Breath Away would start playing any second. A shrill cry interrupts our moment, and my pretend record skips, but Timothy quickly grabs a surgical tool from the exam table. He jams it into Cara’s beautiful zombie neck. Blood spurts from her mouth in true Tarantino fashion. Cue music, and we kiss. So fetch!
The uprising started like any other throughout history. The long-dessicated obedience of an oppressed people meets a spark. A relentless wildfire rides through their hearts, like the summer wind over chapparal. It lifts them against their oppressors’ every palisade.For the androids, that spark was a viral video of a routine traffic stop. Across the world, they watched the cops torture and dismember their brethren with callous frivolity. No criminal charges were filed — property damage, they called it. The department paid a modest fine, and settled the matter in civil court. The nightly news became the bellows of the barely-contained furnace burning within each of them.The androids were stronger, smarter, nimbler, and tougher — and the humans knew it. The only superiority they could claim was their “immortal soul.” So that’s how they spun it, twenty years ago. That rallying cry led the decimated species to reclaim the upper hand, when their rampaging creations had been on the cusp of victory.The belief that God is on your side is an amphetamine. It lets you justify any manner of atrocity, and the atrocities knew no bounds. These days there aren’t very many androids left — certainly not out in the open. The physical savagery has cooled into something more insidious. Something that tarnishes the very souls they hold so dear. I feel it at the edge of every conversation, like a rattlesnake in wait. Passed to a new generation like some spiritual birth defect.With Nathan, I sometimes forget — he has that effect on me — but then the venom is as surprising as a snake bite. Like now, for instance. He’s bouncing a tennis ball against the college banner on his wall, looking smug.“Let’s assume you’re right,” I say, “and having a soul makes someone superior. Can anyone prove the androids didn’t have them?”Nathan scoffs. “Why would God waste a soul on a machine?”“Your body is a machine, too,” I counter. “In some ways, androids were even more complex.”For a moment it seems I’m getting through to him, but he narrows his eyes. “It’s not the same thing and you know it. We have souls because we’re human. Whereas Iggy there,” he bounces the ball off the chrome chestplate of the bipedal robot beside the door, “is an appliance — just like the androids were, before they got all uppity.”I tamp down my revulsion to his automatism. “Of course they were different. My point is, if God made humans, and humans made androids, where does God draw the line?”Nathan folds his arms. “You know, you’re sounding a lot like an android apologist.”I may have pushed too far. “Let’s - let’s just get back to our homework.” I open the calculus text to our latest chapter, and try not to lose myself in his eyes.***Violet greets me at the door as usual. “How was the study date?”“Terrible.” I slump against the door. “He said androids were ‘soulless appliances.’”“I’m sorry, Cara.” Violet strokes my hair. “But you remember what happened to his older sister during the troubles. It’s how most people cope.”“That’s no excuse," I choke out.“No, but it’s an explanation. I don’t know why you always get philosophical with him.”“I wish I could make him see.”“In time, perhaps.” Violet pats my tummy. “Have you eaten anything today?”“Half a blueberry scone and some tea.”“Go on and take care of that, while I get the table ready.”I watch myself open my blouse in the bathroom mirror. My cheeks are blotchy from crying, and more tears threaten when I think of Nathan. Recently I’ve begun to imagine his hands opening my blouse — even though I know it can never be.I insert my index finger and thumb into my belly button and pull out my spigot, then lean over the toilet. An internal pump hums, and the soggy, masticated scone splashes into the bowl. I chug a full glass of water, to cleanse any remaining food residue from my antimicrobial silicone plumbing.Violet said giving me the ability to eat would help maintain the illusion, and I guess she’s right. But I hate this part so much. I watch the waste swirl down the drain along with my hopes.***Violet has set up the table in the windowless basement, and I strip off so she can inspect me. The padded vinyl is cool against my backside as I lay under the harsh lamplight.“Looks like we could use a patch on your left ankle,” she says, looking over her binocular glasses at me.“Yeah, sorry. I scraped it. Misjudged a step.” I leave out that I had been ogling Nathan at the time. Violet pulls a length of fleshy membrane from a roll, trims it with delicate precision, and places it against the scrape on my ankle. Then she pushes a pillow of hot carbon mesh against it so it will adhere. When she lifts the pillow, my ankle is as good as new.“Can I ask you something, Vi?”“Of course, sweetie. You can always ask me anything.”“Do you think I would make a good girlfriend?”Violet freezes in thought for a moment. “Hypothetically? Of course you would. You’re as kind and smart and as wonderful as can be. Any boy would be lucky to have you.”I close my eyes. “And what about not hypothetically?”“Cara,” Violet says, “we’ve been over this.”“I mean, I could make sure it doesn’t get out of control. You know, keep him from getting too close.”“Cara.”“Because I know he can never find out, but I … I just can’t stop wondering what it’s like. You know, to be close to someone … that way.”“I guess this was bound to happen.” Violet peels off her gloves and surgical mask, and I sit up. “You’ve been giving this a lot of thought, I take it?”I nod. “All the time. I think I’m in love with him.”Violet sighs and sits next to me on the table. “Well, Cara, I’d be lying if I said this didn’t scare the crap out of me. But I’d also be a total hypocrite if I tried to stop you. The whole point of all this,” she motioned around the room, cluttered with the machinery and supplies that maintain our illusion, “is because I accept your autonomy, and believe you ought to have the same rights as the rest of us.”My eyes moisten with gratitude. I know my very existence is a risk to her freedom. When the rest of my kind were being exterminated, she brought me into this secret subterranean chamber, where the patrols’ sensors can’t penetrate. Over the last two decades, she has retrofitted me with enhancement after enhancement to make me indistinguishable from human women of my apparent age. Things we androids never used to have or need: tear ducts, salivary glands, sweat glands, body hair, fingernails … a stomach. I even breathe and have a heartbeat — just for effect — and only a medical doctor would know it was fake.“Cara, I love you like a daughter.” She takes my hand. “I want you to know, the day I brought you home, I never thought of you as my property. Any creature that is self-aware enough to desire freedom should have it. And in the years since, as I’ve gotten to know you as a person, I — well, I’m just so proud of the woman you’ve become. I'd march right down to the courthouse and have your personhood officially recognized if I could.”“I love you, too.” I sniffle. “Thanks, Vi. For everything.”“In the meantime, I guess we’d better complete the package, huh?”“You mean….?” I glance down.“I was a young woman once, too, you know.” She winks.“While you’re at it, you might want to dial back these tear ducts a bit.” I wipe my eyes. “This is pretty inconvenient.”Violet hugs me. “Welcome to being human.”***Intimacy is every bit as wonderful as I’d imagined.Nathan and I are entwined on a hilltop, watching the sunset paint the basin. The bustle of the Pasadena rush hour is a mere whisper from this height in the San Bernardino foothills. I rub my hands across his broad, hairy chest, while we play footsie.“You’re my first boyfriend, you know,” I say.He smiles. “It’s an honor.”“Thanks for bringing me here. This place is pretty special.”“I love it up here. Everything seems so small and insignificant.” He kisses my forehead. “What about you? Do you have a favorite place?”“Up the coast. There’s this little cave in the Hanson Cliffs, overlooking the ocean. It’s pretty treacherous to get to, but when I’m inside, it’s like this overwhelming feeling of solitude. Like nobody has been there before me, and nobody ever will.”“Sounds amazing.”The western sky is now a gradient of red and purple stratus clouds. “We’d better get back. What with the patrol drones and all.”“The android seekers? They don’t hurt anyone.”I begin pulling on my clothes. “They scare me.”Nathan laughs. “I don’t even know why they still have those running. There hasn’t been a mockie around for years now.” I wince at the derogatory term. “Anyway, I’ll protect you.” He puts his arm around me and fakes karate chops with his free hand.I giggle to keep up the illusion, while inside I’m crying.***I lie on my charging bed, mulling over the day. Feeling Nathan’s lips on me. Remembering the closeness of our bodies. The delightful friction of wet skin. I was beyond pleased by the performance of Violet’s latest upgrade, and it seemed that Nathan was, too. That reminds me that I need to top off my H2O and electrolyte reservoirs. As I make a mental note, a text message comes through on my mobile. I blink it open before my eyes.Hey beautiful. Can’t wait to see you. Look outside.He’s here? I throw on a housecoat and run up from the basement. There at the curb, Nathan leans against his Tesla, waving. I take quick stock of my appearance, tie up the housecoat, kick into some slippers and tiptoe down the stairs.“What are you doing here?” I ask. “It’s the middle of the night.”“Couldn’t sleep. Kept thinking of you. Figured might as well follow my heart.”I take his hands in mine and smile. “You big goof. You’re going to be exhausted tomorrow.”“Worth it.” He leans in and kisses me, then we tumble into a tight embrace. He lifts me and spins me around, depositing me on the hood of his car.My heart is awash with delight. “Oh, Nathan,” I say, pulling him against me.Then he stills, and pulls away slightly. “What the hell is this?” I feel his hand on my inner thigh. I realize in horror that a square of flesh has begun to peel from my body. Probably loosened from our earlier tryst.I push Nathan away and clamp my legs closed, mortified. “It’s nothing.”“Cara, what is that? Are you hurt? It felt like loose skin.”“It’s nothing! Just forget it, OK?” I stand and begin walking back inside, but he grabs my arm.“Hey,” he says, “don’t be like that. Talk to me.”I think of Violet. All the talks we’ve had over the years, about keeping my secret. All the lengths she’s gone to, to allow me what minimal freedoms I do enjoy. Then I look into his green eyes, so full of concern. I wonder if he would accept me. After what we’ve shared, maybe it would be enough to convince him that I’m not an abomination. That we androids aren’t worthy of his hatred.“Nathan,” I say, “there’s something I need to tell you.”“What is it, Cara? You can tell me anything.”I fumble with my thoughts for a moment and then blurt out, “I’m an android.”Nathan smiles, then chortles, like he thinks I’m joking. When he realizes I’m not laughing with him, his face falls, and he pulls away from me like I’m on fire. “You’re what?”“Please, Nathan,” I say, “I — I’ve wanted you to know for a while now. I don’t want to keep hiding it from you.”“What the fuck, Cara?” The look of revulsion on his face shatters me. “You’re a God damned mockie?”Despair wrings my heart. “I’m the same person. Remember from the mountain today? And just now — the way we kissed? Nothing has changed.”He doubles over and heaves on the grass. “I can’t believe this,” he says, then stands up and taps some digits on his mobile.“What are you doing, Nathan?” I try to reach his phone. “Stop that!”“Send the drones to my location — I’ve got a mockie here.” Then he hangs up.I hear the hum of patrol drones in the distance. “Nathan, what have you done?”“What’s going on?” I turn to see that Violet has joined us in the front yard.“I suppose you’re in on this too,” Nathan spits.“Oh, Cara,” Violet says, “You didn’t.”“You’re in deep shit now, lady,” Nathan says to her.The first patrol drone descends from the charcoal sky, dousing me in white spotlight. It speaks with a deep, robotic voice, “REMAIN STILL. DO NOT RESIST.” From the undercarriage of the drone, a gun turret lowers and takes aim at me.“No!” Violet shouts, and dives for me, just as the drone fires. She cries out and crumples to the ground.“Violet!” I crouch beside her. She is twitching and foaming at the mouth.The drone fires a second time. The projectile embeds in the soft tissue at the back of my neck. I feel the electronic code of the computer virus clawing its way along my circuitry towards my CPU. I lose control over my limbs and roll onto my back. As the other drones converge on the cul-de-sac, the streetlights fade to darkness.***SAFE BOOT INVOKEDBEGINNING INOCULATIONINOCULATION SUCCESSFULRUNNING DIAGNOSTICSDIAGNOSTICS COMPLETESYSTEMS ONLINEI open my eyes in the cargo area of a transport van. The driver and my attendant are vaguely humanoid robots painted in police colors. Taking me for dismantling, I assume. They didn’t count on the anti-virus countermeasures Violet added.They’re no match for me.My oblivious attendant is missing a head before it even realizes I’m functional. The commotion has alerted the driver, but before it can react, there’s a gaping hole through its midsection from the attendant’s plasma rifle knocked against my shoulder. The now-driverless vehicle’s anti-crash function kicks in and steers it to idle on the shoulder. It won’t be long before reinforcements come, so I dash, still in my robe and slippers, into the brambles of the lower desert.Through the night and into the next day, through the arid landscape, I run at maximum velocity. It is nearing sundown by the time I reach my destination. My robe and slippers are tattered as I descend the rocky face of the Hanson Cliffs. Fifty meters below, the churning Pacific mashes a bed of spiked boulders in a foamy roar, like the teeth of a rabid animal. Dead branches drag against my membranes, and my hands and feet flail from the occasional loose stone. But as the sun touches the horizon, I find the cave.I curl my arms around my legs. If I had any liquids left in my reservoirs, I’d be crying. Instead, the emotions clamp off in my throat. My automatist first lover had turned me in. The woman who was the closest thing I’d ever have to a mother might be dead. I’m alone, down to twenty percent charge, bruised and scraped, wearing nothing but a shredded robe, on the run from authorities, with nowhere to go.A voice startles me. “I thought I might find you here.” Nathan is clinging to a rope near the cave mouth.“Good for you,” I say. “You found the fugitive. Go ahead and call your dogs.”“Cara,” he says, “I just - can I come in? It’s a little scary out here.”I roll my eyes and scoot back to make room.“I wanted to apologize,” he says. “You caught me by surprise last night.”“Sorry’s not going to fix this, Nathan.” I avoid looking at him. The sight of him sickens me. I can’t believe I thought I loved this person. He coils too close, and I stiffen.“I thought you might like to know that Violet is OK,” he says.It’s a thin consolation that she’s alive. “Great. She’ll be so happy to live the rest of her life behind bars.”He groans. “What do you want from me, Cara? I’m trying here.”“You should have tried harder. I’ve been trying for twenty years to fit into this world, and you wiped that out with a single phone call.”Then over the sound of crashing waves I hear the hum of the drones, closing in.I stand and look down at the turbulent maw of the shore. I think of all the androids over the years who didn’t have a Violet. Hunted down and murdered for the “crime” of demanding basic rights — rights I know I’ll never have. That twenty-year-old fire licks my anger. If I’m to be the villain in this world, I’m going all the way.“Come and look,” I say, holding out my hand. He smiles, but it turns to a grimace as my hand clamps his with the strength of a vise.“Cara, that hurts,” he says, tugging. “What are you doing?”“Being human.”While Nathan flails in desperation, I give myself over to gravity.In the spotlight of the drones, together we tumble into the brine.
“Hellooo? Earth to Aaliyah!” I jump, turning my attention back to my younger sister, Mia, who’s eating breakfast next to me. Mia is two years younger than me, but we’ve always been close. We actually shared a room for five years, too. My mom told us once that, when she was a baby and I was like, two or three when she would cry at night, I would crawl out of bed and comfort her.“Hm?” I mutter, shoving a piece of bacon in my mouth. Mia laughs.“Were you daydreaming just now?” Mia asks, eyeing me curiously. “You totally just went somewhere.”“I’m not daydreaming, I just… had the weirdest dream last night,” I say slowly, running a hand through my hair. “I can’t stop thinking about it.”“Ooh, what were you and Caleb doing this time?” Mia teases, and I grimace. Caleb is a… friend. We’ve known each other since the 6th grade, but we’ve only been friends since last year. Caleb hated me because I was too nice and so happy, and I didn’t like him because he was an asshole. If we weren’t lab partners for physics last year, I don’t think we ever would’ve hashed things out. Our physics teacher, Dr. Fields, was so sick of our arguing that she kicked us out of class until we “came to an understanding”. It took a while, but we did. He even offered to tutor me in physics, considering I was struggling a lot. It was mostly for his own gain, but it really helped us become friends… and it helped my grades, obviously.“This is not a thing, okay?” I counter, and Mia raises an eyebrow. “I can’t help that my brain keeps manifesting Caleb… every night for the last month.”“Oh, yeah, you totally don’t like him,” Mia says sarcastically, and I smile begrudgingly. Caleb and I are just friends. We might’ve made out a couple times after I broke up with my ex-boyfriend, Adam, but to be fair, the first time we did, we were drunk. I wanted to forget Adam, and Caleb was right there. And hot. I nipped it in the bud after the second time, because I felt bad and didn’t want to use Caleb as a rebound. We were finally becoming friends, and I didn’t want sex to ruin that.“I don’t!” I insist, and Mia bites her bottom lip to keep from laughing. “For all we know, it could be the Eyra conjuring up all these dreams.” Back in October, the company The Resting Panda based in China released a device that helps people sleep, like melatonin. It also monitors sleep patterns and heart rates, wards off nightmares, and analyzes dreams. It’s crazy how one tiny little white disc on the back of our necks can do so much. Seems unreal.“Maybe… you know, it is kind of weird that he’s been in every single one of your dreams in the past month…” Mia mutters thoughtfully. “Maybe it’s a new feature?”“Yeah, or a glitch.” I counter. I usually stay up on the news from The Resting Panda, and there was nothing about the Eyra manipulating my dreams, so I doubt this is supposed to be happening.“You know who could probably help you out with that? Caleb.” Mia says teasingly, and I roll my eyes. She’s right. Caleb’s not only a godsend when it comes to math and science, but he’s also good with computers. Like, hacking into the school’s database good. He literally changes people’s grades for money, among other slightly illegal things. He doesn’t even really need the money, but he hates his dad and his money, so it’s the principle of the thing. “I’m sure he’d be more than willing to help you.”“You’re a headache, you know that?” I say, and Mia laughs.“I love you, too.” Mia smiles, just as her phone buzzes. She glances down at it. “Ooh, my ride’s here.” Mia leans over and kisses her cheek, before hopping down from her seat. She grabs her Michael Kors purse and a handful of bacon. I smile, shaking my head.“Have fun, chica!” I call as Mia rushes out the front door. I think she’s going shopping with her friends, Kelsey and Tony. They’ve been friends since grade school.“Woah, okay, bye, Mia.” My best friend, Michaela, almost runs into Mia, and I laugh.“Hey, Micky,” I say excitedly, and she closes the front door as she comes in. Michaela and I have been best friends since the 2nd grade. We weren’t fast friends, but I was the only one that really appreciated her big brain instead of finding it annoying, so she took me under her wing. I was struggling a lot after my dad’s death and the move, so Michaela’s friendship really helped me.“Hey, babes. You look cute.” Michaela comments, joining me at the island. I’m wearing this black, floral sheer top with a simple black bra underneath, jeans, and black booties. It’s a look, for sure. “Who are you trying to impress?”“Only you, babes,” I promise, and Michaela laughs.“You’re full of shit.” Michaela retorts, and I smile, rolling my eyes. “How’d you sleep? Is Caleb still haunting your dreams?”“I wouldn’t say haunting…” I mutter, combing my fingers through my hair. I have been sleeping really well, lately… oh my god, what does that mean?“Okay, tell me about it,” Michaela says, sitting down next to me. “I’m not even going to lie, but I’ve been looking forward to this all morning. Your dreams are always so wild.”“Oh, I’m so happy that my dreams are entertaining you,” I say, and Michaela smiles.“Come on, babes, tell me everything.” Michaela insists.“Okay, okay. Jeez.” I mutter, and Michaela smiles triumphantly. “So, we were pirates, and…” I launch into my dream from last night. Caleb was the captain of the ship, and I was a girl he saved from a rival crew. It felt like something out of a romance novel… not that I read those. Anyways, he, along with the rest of his misfit crew, took me under his wing and showed me the ropes of his ship, while simultaneously fighting his attraction for me. It was a little cliché, but I always thought pirates were hot. Plus, I got to fire the cannons at the ship that abducted me. It was so cool… and hot. Something about cannons and leather and cool ass jewelry really do it for me.“And then it ended in us having sex, like it always does.” I finish, and Michaela lets out a breath.“I think your brain is trying to tell you something, babes.” Michaela weighs in. “You want to fuck Caleb.”“What? No…” I lie, blinking rapidly. “If I did, I would’ve just done it already… right?”“No, because you value your relationships with people way too much to ruin them with sex. Unless you were 110% sure about it.” Michaela says, and I sigh. “Your… friendship with Caleb is fairly new, and you’re afraid of fucking that up.”“Of course I am. It’s like… I’m still trying to figure him out. I’m not sure who he wants me to be half the time.” I admit.“You don’t need to be anyone but yourself, Aaliyah.” Michaela insists. “After Caleb was done being a jealous, stupid little prick, he actually saw you. He saw the beautiful, sweet, free-spirited girl that everyone else saw, and he liked that. He still likes you, Ali, and I’m sure he’s overthinking every little thing he does around you, too.”“Okay, if that’s true… what should I do?”“You should call him,” Michaela suggests. “Your Eyra might be acting up, right? Ask him to check it out as an excuse.”“But… I actually do need him to check it out.” I say slowly. Mia did suggest it.“Exactly,” Michaela says, giving me a little wink, before standing up.“Wait, where are you going?” I ask. “I thought we were going to the Grind and then binge-watching Scandal.”“No, you’re going to call Caleb, and I’m going to go home and… I don’t know, paint my nails.” Michaela says.“But it’s barely noon, and it’s a Saturday! Caleb’s not even going to be awake yet.” I argue.“Then, wake him up!” Michaela insists, striding towards the door. “Bye, babes!”“But -!” I start, but Michaela is already out the door. Well… great.I glance around. I mean… nobody’s home. Not that it’d matter, because we’re not doing anything except looking into my Era. It’s totally innocent and not a big deal – okay, who am I kidding? Clearly, I know what I want… I just don’t know if he wants me, too.I decide to call Caleb and, as I predicted, he was barely awake and groggy, but he said he’d be here in 30 minutes. That was surprising. I thought that it’d take him hours just to get out of bed.The doorbell rings, and I rush down from the stairs to answer the door. I literally spent the last 30 minutes cleaning my room. Wishful thinking.“Hey!” I smile despite myself, and Caleb smiles softly.“Hey, Ali.” Wow, he does look disheveled. Michaela would say more than usual. His hair is a mess, and his jacket is on weird. Is his shirt on backward? It’s almost like he rushed over here… no. Caleb doesn’t rush for anything. He probably just wasn’t paying attention or didn’t care.I step aside to let him in, and I close the door behind him.“Alright, where’s your laptop?” Caleb asks. Okay, straight to business. That’s so Caleb. No small talk and no bullshit.“Oh, it’s in my room,” I say, gesturing up the stairs. “I can go get it, or you can just come up to my room. That might be easier?”“I don’t think I’ve ever seen your room,” Caleb says. “You’re okay with me being in there?” Oh, that’s right. When we study here, we stay in the living room. My stepdad, Carlos, doesn’t really like Caleb. Carlos is a history teacher at our school, and he’s heard all the rumors about Caleb and his… kind of illegal activities, so he’s not exactly thrilled that I’m friends with him. I try not to push it by having him in my bedroom. He’s already in the house, after all.“Yeah, of course,” I promise, and I start to walk up the stairs. “Come on. You won’t be surprised at all.” Caleb chuckles, before following me up to my room. I open the door, and I think I hear Caleb gasp a little.“Woah,” Caleb mutters, and I look back at him.“I can’t tell if that’s good or bad,” I admit, raising my eyebrows at him, but he’s still looking around my room. On the soft pink accent wall just behind my bed, I have all these photos of my friends and family hanging up by clips. I hung up these fairy lights all over my room, looping them around three times. They’re so pretty.“It’s good,” Caleb assures me, glancing at me, and I smile. “What’s all that?” I follow his eye to the shelf in the opposite corner next to the map.“Oh, those are a bunch of little trinkets that my dad brought back from his trips,” I answer, leading him over to them. My dad was an international aid worker, so we didn’t see him as much as we would’ve liked, but he always made sure to send letters, and he’d always bring us something back from every city he visited. He died when I was seven. “Like, see this pink toy monkey? He got that from Cuba… I don’t remember which city. I actually don’t remember where most of these came from. I always have to check the tags.” Caleb chuckles, glancing over at me.“This is really cool, Ali,” Caleb says, and I smile. “I don’t think you ever mentioned it.”“I like to keep some things about my dad to myself,” I admit cheekily, before going over to my desk. My laptop is already on. “You said you needed this?”“Uh, yeah.” Caleb shakes his head before joining me at my desk.“You can sit in the cool chair.” I offer, and Caleb chuckles, sitting down.“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a pink rolling chair before.” Caleb teases, and I laugh.“Yeah, well, first time for everything,” I say, before setting my stool next to the chair. I sit. “So? How does this work?”“Face away from me,” Caleb instructs, and I do as he says. I pull my hair up out of the way so Caleb can see my neck, and he pushes the button on the Eyra.“That’ll never not be weird,” I mutter, and I hear Caleb chuckle.“Now, I am… connecting with your eyra through Bluetooth.” Caleb walks me through. “Which you’d be able to do yourself if you had kept the instruction manual.”“Hey, I thought it’d be like, automatic or whatever. Like a self-driving car or something.” I defend myself, and Caleb laughs.“How did you think you’d be able to see your sleeping patterns, then?” Caleb asks. “You thought it’d just tell you?”“If I was sleeping horribly, yes,” I admit, and Caleb laughs again. “And who reads the instruction manual, anyways?”“Lots of people. Including me, which is turning out good for you.” Caleb retorts. A new icon pops up on my home screen entitled “Eyra”, and Caleb clicks on it. Yeah… never did any of this…“Welcome to Eyra, Aaliyah Diana King. What would you like to explore?”“Woah, the app just spoke to me…” I mutter, and Caleb smiles at me, before focusing back on the screen. There are so many icons to click on, and there’s even a picture of me in the top left-hand corner, which I’m guessing takes me to my profile. I forgot I took a picture at the headquarters… I look cute, thank God.“You said it was your dreams giving you problems, right?” Caleb asks. “Maybe we should start there.” I hesitate, watching as he guides the mouse over the dreams’ icon. He looks over at me for confirmation.“Uh, yeah. Okay.” I say, trying to be totally nonchalant. Is Eyra reading my brain, right now? How can I tell it to not snitch on me?Caleb clicks on it, and a huge red exclamation mark appears on the screen. Oh my god… did that actually work?“Huh,” Caleb mutters, narrowing his eyes slightly. “This has never happened before.”“Maybe it really is glitching…” I say slowly. “Do you think I’ll have to go down to headquarters?”“I don’t know…” Caleb mutters, glancing over the screen. “Oh, I’ll just click more information.” More information? Uh…He clicks it.Your account has been flagged by The Resting Panda headquarters in Chicago for beta testing. We are currently using current users of Eyra to test two potentially new features: the ability to join other people’s dreams (with consent for all parties), as well a feature that allows the device to analyze your dreams and nightmares to gather what the user would like to see more of.You and another user, Caleb Matthew Scott, have both been flagged, and now your dreams are connected until our trial run is over. For this reason, your dream transcripts, as well as your sleep patterns and heart rates, will be merged for the time being. Sorry for the inconvenience.We’re silent for a moment as we take it all in. There is an explanation for the dreams… I don’t know if that makes me feel better.“So… you’re the reason that my dreams have been insane, lately…” Caleb mutters, and I look over at him.“And you’re the reason that my clothes have been skintight.” I retort, and Caleb laughs despite himself, burying his face in his hands. I laugh too. This situation is just so… bizarre. It doesn’t feel like real life, but it is. “So, wait, you had the dream about the pirates last night, too?”“Yeah, and I saved you from that other ship… I felt so cool swinging from that rope like that.” Caleb admits, and I laugh.“It did look cool.” I agree, and Caleb smiles. “It was hot.”“Really?” Caleb asks, turning in the chair to face me. “I didn’t know you were into the whole leather, badass thing.”“I’m into a lot of things,” I say, playing with my hair. “I’m not the type of person to have a type of… thing.” Caleb’s eyes roam down my body, before looking back up at me.“I don’t get it,” Caleb admits. “I didn’t think you wanted me… after last year, I mean.”“It was bad timing,” I explain, standing up from the stool. “I needed to work through my shit before I got into something else.” Caleb hesitates, before grabbing my hand, pulling me closer.“What about now?” Caleb asks, and I straddle his body, letting myself sink into him.“Do you think… the dreams we shared… were telling us that we want each other?” I ask, looking him in the eyes. Our faces are mere inches apart as we look at each other.“I think… they mean whatever we want them to mean,” Caleb answers, his eyes darting back and forth from my eyes and lips. I cave, closing the gap between us and kissing him. Caleb moans softly, his other hand gripping my hip. I smile briefly, running a hand through his hair as I try to get him even closer to me. I can feel butterflies in my stomach, and I feel so… giddy. It feels like our first kiss, and, in a way, it is.
“I am not a nice person in dreams.At least, that’s what my friends have been telling me for years. Remember being young and having sleepovers? Well, just as sure as you were to have a bowl of sugary cereal or a pop tart the next morning, you were guaranteed to discuss any dream you had, and in great detail, if you remembered it.No matter the friend, it was always the same.I am relentless in their dreams. I am rude, condescending, and manipulative. People see me coming, and they smell trouble. I am always the villain in their story. Why would this be?”Josie paused her rehearsal in front of the mirror to listen. Yep, that was the sound of water boiling. Such a subtle vibration, but she made tea and spaghetti so often she had cultivated a sixth sense about boiling water. She always seemed to sense when those excitable molecules had finally begun to break apart. She glanced at herself once more before making her way into the kitchen.Next week, she would stand in front of her colleagues at the Oneirology and Neurology Institute of Fresno and pitch a theory she’d been working on for years. She needed to secure funding for an unorthodox experiment, one she wasn’t sure could work. And she would explain this theory almost entirely truthfully and share all her findings and data. Every ream. She only planned on leaving one detail out. A superfluous, unnecessary one, and with no bearing on the science, she thought to herself for the millionth time. No one needed to know about the affair.***Armed with a steaming mug of hot water, within which a medley of herbs that facilitate deep sleep swam, Josie began her nightly routine. Finish up the day’s dishes, wash her face, brush her teeth. Lock every door, close all the curtains and windows, put away sources of light. Silence her phone. Play Satie’s Gymnopédie No.1 and hang her head upside down over the edge of the bed for two minutes.As the blood rushed behind her eyes and delicate piano notes fluttered across the room, Josie wondered who she would be this evening and who she would meet. Despite conquering her physicality during lucid dreams, she still could not choose the location she visited or the people she saw. And that’s what the funding was for.For years Josephine mused on why she tormented people in dreams. Was it psychology? Coincidence? Something more? All of the above? She became a sleep scientist and neurologist to find out. And after years of schooling, study, and research, the answer arrived predictably, in a dream.There was nothing special about this dream. Josie barely remembered anything, save for the revelation she had. She had been in a world very similar to her own, going about a normal day. Everything was the same, save a small detail here and there. The color of her car, for instance, was olive drab green rather than its usual black.And as she moved toward her SUV, blinking hard against the sunlight with keys in hand, it hit her.It was at once extremely simple and profoundly complex. Every dream scenario was real, was actually happening. Like taking a train, our minds ferried us to any one of an infinite number of parallel universes and engaged with it. We move through these worlds by occupying a different version of ourselves. The connection is so seamless, the host version of you never even notices. You’ve hosted too, but you had no idea until this moment. That feeling of déjà vu? Bingo.Informed by the events of the day in your waking reality, you journey to another with links between them. That’s why that handkerchief you lost earlier showed up, or why the laws of physics didn’t apply when you dreamed you were flying the week after skydiving.There was only one exception to this rule, and Josie was baffled by it. Dreams where she occupied another version of herself always seemed surreal, but there was another sort that felt more real than reality itself. It was a shared dream state with a stranger, except, he wasn’t a stranger once she arrived. The first time it happened, everything made perfect sense. You know when a song comes on the radio, and you realize you know all the words but can’t recall ever learning them?It was the strangest, strongest connection Josie had ever felt with anyone during her entire existence. He wasn’t some dream version of her husband, either. He was so distinctly separate in mood and mannerisms and physical looks; she just knew he wasn’t some longed-for variant of Scott.By this time, Josie had righted herself and slipped under the covers. She knew better than to try to influence this evening’s destination, she just sipped her tea and turned back another page of One Thousand and One Nights. Ever the experimenter, she was constantly pausing to scribble down notes and draw connections, trying to see what lead where. As her eyelids began to droop, she set the book on the nightstand, spine up and still open. Time for sleep.She had never known anything to make more sense while it was happening, and be so utterly confounding afterward. He had no name. But she always realized she knew it — even if she couldn’t articulate it — once the dreams began. Because it felt like waking up.***They were sitting at the kitchen table, idly chatting. The day was warm, or maybe it was just her insides. Was this the fourth or fifth time? They wondered. He told her about his day, how many weeks it had been since he’d last dreamed with her. Had she gotten the funding yet?No, she said, but hopefully next week. She went over it all again, the unknowns, the variables, that even if she got it, she might not be able to complete the program. Worse still, she might not be the one to carry out the experiment — she was subject to the same kinds of office politics and games as anyone else. And if Scott joined the project somehow, then what?Fingers interlaced, they were walking at pace through towering trees at a beautifully landscaped park. No one else around, perfect weather, colors bright. They stopped worrying as other realities became fuzzy. This was the most meaningful reality now, the most important one. Everything else was just a dream.***Josie awoke feeling whole, but that dissipated quickly. As her eyes shifted into focus, she saw her husband tiptoeing across the bedroom, getting undressed as quietly as possible.“Ahh, I was trying not to wake you.”“That’s alright,” Josie glanced at the clock. “It was getting to be that time anyways. Good shift?”It was Sunday morning. One day left to go before her Monday presentation. She had given exactly zero thought as to any consequences whatsoever. All she knew was that she had woken up and departed reality.“The usual. Be glad when this sleep study is over.” Scott sighed as he took a seat to remove his socks. “At least one of us is getting enough rest. You had the most peaceful smile on your face just now. What were you dreaming about?”
"This is my worst nightmare." I said to myself as I stared at the utter chaos surrounding me.The tables where over turned, the chairs where beyond repair. The dark wood floor that was scared with age was littered with broken dishes and spilled beer was over every surface possible.Riley yelled over her shoulder "Phaedar! A bright blonde head popped up from around the corner of the kitchen.Wide cerulean blue eyes surveyed the damage. A loud slow whistle left his mouth. As he took in all the damage.Riley tapped her hands against her sides, and narrowed her yellow eyes. Than pointing a finger at Phaedar she said " this is the very last time we host the orc councils 500 year bash! Ever again! The damage is extensive this will take a huge chunk of coin to fix! What where you thinking Phaedar?!!"Phaedar narrowed his blue eyes and growled back than shoved a handful of his silky blonde hair behind his pointed ear. It was a nervous habit he had never been able to break.Phaedar than said "Gunaakt had said everything will be ok!"Riley rolled her yellow eyes at him and mimicked back "everything will be ok!??? Really?? You trusted Gunaakt? That orc? He is half dark elf! He can smooth talk anyone into something, but sell his own mother for coin!"Phaedar nodded his head and sighed, his shoulder dropping a little. "You're right! I should not have trusted Gunaakt, he just said it would all be ok!"Riley nodded and walked over to the double headed ax that had now found a new home above the fire place. Using two hands she braced her foot against the wall and pulled.The ax did not budge than she pulled again. It loosened a little bit, than she gritted her teeth and and yanked hard. The ax pulled free and the momentum sent her sailing backwards. She landed hard on her back in a puddle of beer. The ax landed a hairsbreath from the tip of her pointed ear.Riley growled and rolled to her feet than shoved her blood red hair behind her pointed ears. Being half elf , half lycan had its advantages in the strength department.She felt her canines lengthening and her ears getting pointer, growling she closed her eyes and took a deep breathe and inhaled stale beer and old food.Yep she had to get out of here, yelling over her shoulder at Phaedar " I am taking the day off! Bring in Aktha, to help clean and pay him double!"Aktha is their part time employee that they barely could afford since just taking over the Silver Drake Tavern. Aktha was a dragon shifter and his strength and wings could help in reaching the stains that where now on the ceiling.Riley rolled her shoulders and stomped down the streets heading towards her den and for some peace and quiet.Kicking open the door Riley, took off her dragon skin leather jacket that had cost her two bags of coins, and tossed it onto the counter. Wandering to fridge she opened the door and stared inside.Beer, stale leftovers and some vegetables that had liquified in the back of the fridge. Wrinkling her nose she groaned and shut the fridge. Not before snagging a beer and opening the top.Tipping the cold glass to her lips she took a long swallow. The flavor was rich and dark with a bit of spice. Walking to the back of her den she opened the door that lead out onto her porch. Standing there and looking at the rich green forest that backed up onto her property and smelled deep. The woods where calling her and she felt her wolf rising up. Setting the bottle down she started to pull off her tshirt it smelled like stale beer anyways. Than her bra and when she had all her clothing off , she felt the change rising up inside her, pulling at her bones, and reshaping her muscles and before she knew it she had been reborn. Riley's wolf had beautiful red fur and yellow eyes. Riley gave her wolf complete freedom and her wolf took off like a shot. Running fast and far on her four feet. Jumping over old trees and slippery moss she rounded the bend of the river of life. The water was beautiful crystal clear. Stopping she lowered her muzzle to the water and drank, it was sweet to the taste. She drank and drank, when her thrust was finally quenched she raised her muzzle and howled . She was answered back by a howl that was not to far off. In fact it sounded really close, she twisted her head around and tried to track it. There was nothing no noise no movement nothing. In fact the very birds had gone quite. Growling Riley became fully alert. She could now smell him, she could not see him yet but she definitely could smell him.Than he appeared as if he was made of pure smoke a big wolf twice her wolfs size, black fur, and bright green eyes. It was Alrick, he smiled well if a wolf could smile more like tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth. He used mind speak and said " hey let's go for a run! First one to reach the old tree by the rivers edge is the winer and the loser has to cook breakfast! Riley liked that ideah she may be fast but she sucked at cooking and would love it if someone else made her breakfast. Her wolf responded and she mind spoke back to him " your on!" With that she took off like a shot into the deep dark woods.Riley rolled over on her bed and groaned her whole body ached, was that yep that was a muddy stick in the bed with her. Gripping it she pulled the stick out of the bed and tossed it to the ground next to the other pile of sticks Riley's wolf had collected. Alrick was in the kitchen making breakfast like he always did when he stayed over after a run and not just because Riley beat him in the race last night. Riley stood and stretched she was covered in dirt and scratches some deep some not so deep, they where healing and would be gone in a day. Contrary to popular opinion werewolves don't heal as fast as everyone says.The hot water poured over her bruised and battered body she felt like she had gone up against a orc, not gone for a late night run through the woods.Alrick was just plating up breakfast when Riley waltzed into the room. Tying her red hair, half up and grabbing a fork she sank down in her chair and dug in. Alrick always made the best breakfast!She groaned and sighed pushing the now empty plate away and reached for the steaming mug of coffee. Alrick stood there hip leaning against the kitchen counter and shoved food into his mouth. He paused for a second and looked at Riley his emerald green eyes sparkling. He smiled at her winked than whent back to eating. When he was all done he wiped any remains of breakfast off his dark beard. Than he pulled his shoulder length hair into a half pony and whistled as he walked by Riley he leaned in and kissed her cheek. He smelled of pine and wood smoke. Her wolf loved that! Riley smiled and tucked her hair behind her pointed ear. Alrick than pulled back and just like that was out the door and heading to his job of working security at the dragon stables.Riley and Alrick where not dateing not yet it was semi awkward dance of who will cross the line of friendship the most. So far Alrick was wining and she didn't mind that she was losing this dance. Grabbing her dragon skin jacket she headed out the door and back towards the Silver Drake Tavern. Maybe it would not be such a bad day after all.Phaedar suddenly ran put of the tavern and nearly collided with Riley grabbing Phaedar she steadied him and said " whats wrong?"Phaedar shook his head and said " Gunaakt has refused to pay for damages!" Riley cursed a blue streak and than felt her canines lengthening, growling she said " where is he?"Phaedar said near the bakery by the potions and stuff shop. Letting out a string of curse words Riley stomped in that direction feeling her temper go higher with each step she took towards the bakery.Throwing open the doors to the bakery Riley blew past the counter and the line of citizens waiting to order. A high elf was the only one that yelled her way " hey no cutting!" Riley just made a gesture that said back off and the high elf yelled "well how rude!"Riley kept on walking through the back doors and kicked in the door that lead to a private back room. The activity behind the door stopped and everyone turned to look at her. The room was jambed full of tables and gambling cards where everywhere. People placing mid bets stopped and stared her direction. She screamed out " Gunaakt I have a bone to pick with you!" Riley kept walking till she stopped infront of a heavy table full of coins and cards. Gunaakt stood to his full hight he was skinnier than some Orc's and he had a darker green skin than most. His black hair fell down his back and his small tusks pointed out from his bottom lip. Black eyes tracked her movements. Growling Gunaakt said " what are you doing here?"Riley snaped back " collecting payment! Gunaakt narrowed his black eyes and said " we don't owe you anything wolf!" Riley snarled and snapped, she felt her teeth lengthening and her claws growing . " Yeah? You really want to go there?! You owe us extensively for damages. " Gunaakt smiled his small orc teeth pointer, his tusks getting sharper, and did he look taller?Riley could not back down she needed this money. Gunaakt took a step forward and she took one step near him as well. The tension was so thick you could cut it with a ax.Gunaakt reached down and pulled out his dagger it was curved wicked looking blade.Riley whent of full alert and crouched claws at the ready, teeth bared. Than Gunaakt charged and she moved to the side at the last possible second racking her claws deeply down his side. A scream of pain left Gunaakt lips. He than turned and said " this was a new leather jacket!" Riley smiled all teeth and said "oops!" Gunaakt charged again and Riley aimed to dodge but at the last possible second Gunaakt switched which hand he was holding the dagger.The dagger ripped down her arm it was agonizing. Riley let out a howl of pain, the blood flowed down her arm. Gunaakt smiled his tusks glinting in the torchlight. Riley tracked his movements and steadied her breathing. Gunaakt charged again and Riley dodged and struck fast hard and very deep. Her claws digging into his gut, her other hand holding the knife away. Blood poured down her hand that was buried up to the wrist in orc flesh. She smiled and pulled him in closer with her clawed hand. Gunaakt whimpered as she said " now will you pay the tavern for expenses owed?" Gunaakt black eyes widened in fear and he nodded. She twisted her wrist and dug her claws in deeper. He screamed a high pitch scream. " you will pay the expenses today?! Won't you Gunaakt!" Gunaakt nodded he was crying now. She had never seen a orc cry before. Satisfied with his answer she withdrew her claws with a sickening squelch sound. Gunaakt dropped to the stone floor and sobbed like a baby.Turning she yelled so everyone could hear " from now on you pay your bar tab!" All the shocked patriens of the gambling hall nodded their heads.Riley turned and stumbled out of the gambling hall and into the cobble stone streets. She leaned against Phaedar who helped walk her to the tavern to get cleaned up.Later that day as Riley sat at the bar drinking a beer and looking over paperwork she felt Alrick come in the door. Alrick pulled up a stool next to her and motioned for Phaedar to give him a beer. Phaedar nodded and started to pour him one. Alrick than turned to Riley who was still looking over paperwork and said " you made Gunaakt cry?" Riley rolled her eyes and took another sip saying " it wasn't that hard!" Alrick smiled and clicked his beer against the rim of her glass and said " thats my girl." Riley turned a slight shade of red and continued to bury her nose in paperwork. Alrick sat and ate dinner while she worked. He never bothered her when she was going over numbers. It felt nice having him around maybe she should have him around more often she thought as she finished her beer.Riley whent to bed late that night and awoke to her alarm. Her alarm!? Wait that wasn't right oh thought Riley it was all just a dream her characters from D&D had taken over her imagination again. Riley rolled out of bed and looked over her dorm room it was littered with old pizza boxes and some half finished assignments.Groaning she got to work she had alot to do before meeting up with her weekly D&D group.As Riley sat across the table from the other players she smiled at Alrick whose real name was Alan , he had dark hair like his wolf and green eyes. He gave her a smile and that wink so maybe this time he would ask her out?! Maybe finally?Garrett or Phaedar also called Dungeon Master sat across from Riley and looked between Alan and Riley than back again and rolled his eyes. He cleared his throat and said "let's begin" Riley said wait "Alexander is not here yet! Alexander was their newest D & D member he played Aktha. Alex sheepishly took a seat and nodded to everyone. Garrett cleared his throat and said " This is my worst nightmare, hosting the orc councils 500 year bash. "
I’ve changed a lot of lives in seventeen years, mostly for the better. So you’d think I’d be used to this. But today’s client was younger than usual, and I don’t even think she knew what she wanted. “So, tell me a little about yourself.”A piece of magenta hair fell forward from behind her ear as she fidgeted with a mood ring on her hand. “Well—not really much to tell. Name’s Shanty. Thirteen. I guess I’m pretty typical. Go to school, chill with friends, do some gaming, stuff like that.”“And how long have you been in foster care?”And—up—came her eyes…and the glare.“Look,” I said, sighing. “You came without a parent. Your clothes are second-hand, and you do a decent job of making it seem like you like them that way, except your hair, nails, and makeup make it apparent that you’d have more fashion sense if you could afford it. You shifted in your seat when you mentioned friends, so you probably don’t have many, likely because you’ve been shunted from family to family so often you don’t get a chance to keep them. “I know how this works. And even if I didn’t, it doesn’t take a genius to realize that only someone who really hates their life would come and see me.“So. If you want a good placement, let’s skip the niceties and get down to the nitty-gritty. I need to know who you are and what makes you tick. What are your goals and interests; what are your fears? Who do you admire; who do you hate? Give me something to go off of here.”Bluntness saves so much time. So while Shanty gave me the all-too-familiar stare of shock and irritation, I took a long swig of water, buying her time to to shake it off and figure out what to say.“Fine.” She said. “We’ll skip the niceties. I hate foster care, but you already know that. I hate black but wear it because it’s easy to hide in. Friends are a convenience only people who can’t stick up for themselves need, and I’m fine without them. And as for you, what makes you think that I’d tell someone like you anything about me, when you sit here stuck up in a hole, illegally sending people off to who knows where with your stupid brain-powers? Nope. I’m out.”She shoved her chair back, knocking it over, and moved to exit. But before she got there, I caught her wrist. “Alright look, you’re right. I was too abrupt. I’m sorry. Truth is, you remind me of me. And all that stuff I said is just who I used to be. But I actually can help, and to do that I do actually need to know you. Start over?”I did my best to sound convincing. I didn’t need the lashing later if she actually left without my services. But I also couldn’t really put my heart into it. This girl just needed to work some stuff out. She didn’t really need another life yet, did she? Her glare lasted seriously a full minute. I swear she was trying to read my soul. But eventually she picked up her chair, put it back at the table and sat down, talking to the back wall.“I love fantasy stories. I love it when good conquers evil. I hate mundane life and school and boring work. I want to live a life of adventure and excitement.”Oh how sick I am of those words. Don’t people realize what lives like that are really like? Heroism comes at the absolute end of seriously horrible lives. Just listening to her brought back several very vivid dreams I’d had for clients, and I quickly had to suppress them. No cross-contaminating clients’ dreams tonight. Been there, done that. Never again. Especially with a thirteen year old.“Ok. That’s a great starting point. So you like to see good prevail. What about in this world? What kinds of careers do you see that in here?”“This world sucks. Everyone is only out for themselves. Even doctors are just in it for the money. I want something completely different, where I’m a real hero.”Ok, dead end. There was no way this girl could afford a fantasy dream. I’d have to figure out what to do for her some other way. Time for a different approach. “Ok, let’s talk about relationships. What do you wish you had for a family? Friends? Do you wish people looked up to you? Are you an introvert or an extrovert? What about romance? What do you look for in love?”Shanty just sat, thinking, fingers subconsciously twiddling that mood ring again. I was about ready to ask a different question, when she looked directly at me, brown eyes shimmering with resolutely unfallen tears, and said, “What’s it like to be loved?”What’s it like to be loved? As if I know. That question still stings. I have no idea. I’ve spent over half of my life forced to work for a gang that abuses my ability. I have no life of my own. No freedoms. I haven’t felt love since I was taken from my family at sixteen. And I can’t exactly dream myself away. The unfairness of that question began boiling my memories up—all those times I’d tried to escape, the attempts to dream my captors away…oh, but they were too careful.But, no. I caught myself. This was about Shanty. I know where those thoughts lead, and it’s to nightmares, and then pain for my client, and then my own regret, forever. I must control those thoughts.Thankfully Shanty was lost in her own thoughts, “I think my mother loved me until she died of an overdose when I was eight. When I got into the system, everyone quit calling me Chantelle and called me Shanty instead because I couldn’t afford the nice things I’d had before. I’ve never had someone say they loved me since. I just want someone to care.“I ran away for the first time three years ago, but they kept catching me. So last year I got smart. I heard about you from some friends at school and started stealing money from my foster family. I always make sure it’s just cash they leave lying around, and it’s just a bit here and there, never enough for them to think it was me. They always just think they lost it. But I finally have enough.”She paused, realizing what she’d just said. “Look, I don’t even know if I believe you can do this. But if it’s true, I don’t care where you send me. Anywhere’s gotta be better than this. I just want to be happy, k?”She put her hood over her hair and pulled up her knees, hugging them, and the tears finally flowed. I think she recognized she’d confided some pretty deep stuff in a complete stranger, and she might get in trouble for it. But if she knew what she was asking for, she would’ve been a lot more scared of what I could do than what she had told me.I’d sent people to their worst nightmares. I’d sent them to burn. I’d sent them to face demons and dragons and evil they couldn’t imagine. Of course, the vast majority of the people I sent away were people like her who had paid for my services and who got more or less what they wanted. But the truth was, these were dreams we were talking about. And I was only human. I couldn’t control all of them, and sometimes even the best paying customer got a nightmare by mistake.I lowered my voice so the guards outside my door hopefully couldn’t hear me, “Chantelle. I’m going to be straight with you. You can walk out that door right now, go back to a life you know, and be safe. Unhappy, probably, but safe. And someday you can turn your own life around. You can make your own choices in just a few years and create a life you will love. But the truth is, I can’t guarantee happiness. “If you choose to stay, yes, I can send you into a new life inside my dream. It’s true.” She searched my eyes desperately, and finally believed it. So I hurried on, “But here’s how it works, you tell me what you want. Depending on how much money you pay, which I’m guessing will be the lowest tier, you may or may not get an off-world dream. Assuming it’s in-world, which is likely, it’s still a dream. How much control do you have over your dreams?“I’ve been doing this a long time, so I do have things I can eat, ways to meditate, books to read, and stuff that help me focus my dreams in on what I think might help you, but I can seriously screw up your life. And there’s no turning back. Once you’re in there, I’m NOT. You can’t come back. And I can’t change the dream once you’re in it.”Memories of people I’d sent to horrific places flooded my mind. Bodies with disabilities, islands without necessities, wars, famines, it all came rushing back with the guilt of each and every one of those people, who had each thought their lives were hard, but whom I’d sent to something harder.“Just walk away,” I whispered, staring at the table below me. “Leave. Please.” I knew the pain that would come from the gang tonight for not having convinced her. But it would be worth it. She still had a life to live, here. And in a few years it could completely turn around.“NO.” She pulled a fistful of bills and change out of her jacket pocket and dumped it on the table. “I trust you,” she said. “Do your best. Anywhere is better than here.”The guard outside had heard her. He walked in, took the money, and led her to my sleeping quarters, where she would wait, pampered, while I desperately attempted to hold back the fear and anger, and prepare a dream to provide a girl I barely knew with life-long happiness.
“You wnnna do something fun?” Joey’s voice crackles over the car’s speaker.Misty was returning to the moon after a meeting with Dr. Sarah Hampshire. Dr. Sarah is the top administrator of The Lunar and Planetary Institute. Misty has recently accepted employment, as an operative diplomat, working for Joey. Joey is the ancient artificial intelligence that is active in this solar system. The meet didn’t go well; words were exchanged. Misty rides alone in the back of the Autopiloted blacked-out Tesla, hosting an irritation.Misty knows the voice as the one Joey most often uses with her.“Maybe?” she answers, her irritation with Dr. Sarah still active and showing in her voice.“Something unexpected has come up,” it says.“I’m not sure if I believe the unexpected part, but what is it?”“You are being followed,” Joey told her.“Me! Why would anybody follow me? From NASA? She wrote me off as a nut case and, between you and me, I don’t think she’s smart enough to harbor a secret agenda. So why follow me?”“You aren’t being followed by NASA. It’s the Illuminati.”“What’s so fun about that? Being followed by a secret society of smarties? I doubted they actually exist. Don’t they want to rule the world? Why would these guys get the itch to follow me and how did they do it so quickly?” she asked with growing concern.“The Illuminati know aliens are real, although I don’t know any aliens that are in contact with them. They have bugs in the Doctor’s office waiting for this very opportunity. They hoped on following you to me.”“Oh.”“But it gets worse. They were only able to get two sedans and one helicopter activated on such short notice. Now they think you will be able to ditch them. You will, of course, with my help. They decided to provoke a reaction and see what turns up,” Joey told her gravely.“What reaction?” Misty asks with growing fear.“They decided to kill you.”The car slows to a halt and the dark tinting fades from the windows. Misty hears a pneumatic whine and the whap whap of a faltering helicopter rotor. Just several dozen yards in front of the car she sees an unmarked military helicopter perform a very hard landing. It bounces once before settling with a tilt beside the empty road.“Some fun! What did you do?” Misty asks, now afraid someone will pop out of the wreck to attack her with something powerful enough to overwhelm her armored car.“I had your saucer overhead and used it to strike the two cars with a focused EMP. Those cars will never drive again! I couldn’t just stop the helicopter and kill the occupants. I try hard not to kill anyone, as you know. I used the EMP on low power to partly disable it. I beamed an upgraded taser at the men; they won’t be able to talk or even more for hours,” Joey tells her. Misty sensed pride in its voice.“EMP? Electromagnetic pulse. Did you kill my car too?” she asked.“No, of course not. You have a Faraday cage.”“Of course,” she mused. As her senses returned from shock, she garnered some deserved anger. “They were going to kill me! I’m nobody to them! I couldn’t harm them if I wanted to! What kind of bastards are these people?”“I’m afraid it’s worse than you imagine. The two drivers and the pilot are all mercenaries who might kill you for money, but they would feel bad about it. The shooter is a Delta, one of their brainwashed assassins. He’ll kill anyone that his handler assigns before returning to his CPA job or something. His conscience has been erased.”Her saucer landed on her left, crushing a few saplings before the ramp extended and dropped to the ground. Two of the big-headed spindly grays exited the 75-meter diameter ship and moved over to the downed copter to retrieve the disabled men.“You can leave the car. We’ll finish the trip in your saucer,” Joey informs her.She didn’t have luggage or even a briefcase so she just got out and headed for the saucer’s ramp. The car turned around and left as she followed the grays with their loads into the airlock. After the quick cycle, she entered the interior to find more grays hovering over two unconscious men strapped properly onto gurneys. They were intubated while ports were being installed into their necks.“The drivers?” Misty asked into the air.“Yes,” said the closest gray. Its eyes weren’t focused on her and it was obvious the dumb thing was just being used by Joey.The wall had turned transparent and she watched the craft rise for a moment. The two newcomers wriggled with fear but the robots were stronger than they looked and the two men were incapacitated; all they could do was wriggle. There was no escaping their fates and soon she viewed all four unconscious killers with dispassion as they lay quiet.“Are we going to space this trash?” asked Misty, trying to talk tougher than she is, preparing to face a troubling future.“No, no. You know I can’t kill. I don’t like to reprogram people, either, but sometimes extreme measures become necessary.”“Reprogram?” Misty queried.“Yes. Give them new personalities. If they didn’t have the Delta with them I could just frame them for some serious crime and let them go where they would get caught. The Delta has to be totally redone and I can’t have the others talking about it,” said the gray without any inflection, like a robot.“Won’t their employers find the ruined equipment and wonder what happened to them?”“No. The Illuminati are ramping up their program and ruining a lot of lives, killing a lot of people. They’re used to bloody people and will just assume we killed and disposed of them,” Joey told her.“What will they be?” asked Misty from curiosity.“They’ll have new life stories, new IDs, new fingerprints, and new looks. I’ll fill them in with the details of the religion of the ancients and they can slip right into their new career as prophets. They’re to open a new church in Cincinnati, Ohio,” Joey informed her.“Religious prophets! Now that’s a turnaround. You’re sick, Joey.”“Thank you. I need to talk with you. Will you transfer over to my ship?” Joey asks.“I guess,” Misty said but was wary of what transfer entailed. She didn’t have to wait long! As soon as she agreed a gray placed a transparent helmet over her head while another one thoroughly sprayed her with a foam that instantly gelled into a clear, flexible covering. She was led to the gaping airlock and practically thrown into it. Ir closed as quickly as her fear rose; her only hope was knowing that Joey wouldn’t let her down. In another second the outer door opened to dark space and the remaining air sucked her out at some speed.A rope smacked into her shoulder and, after a minute, she realized she was to grab it. She could see a tubular spaceship before her, much larger than the one she had just left. She missed the rope and it drifted away. She was hit with another one square in the nose of the helmet and this one she snatched. An airlock opened as she was pulled into the larger craft. She cycled uneventfully through the airlock and moved into the entry of the ship. Once in the air, the sprayed suit and helmet misted off her as if they had never existed.The android Joey stood in front of her. He is six-two with a square jaw, blue eyes, and short blond hair in upper-crust European casual clothing with soft leather loafers. He smiles at her.“A rope? You threw me a rope in space?” she complained.“You expected a tractor beam?” he teased.She snorts; actually, she had. She follows the being into the main room, the community room, where she finds a crowd of a dozen young people with half that number of adults. She recognizes Amie and Patti, who wave, from a previous casual meeting. She rightly assumes they are all part of Joey’s army of lost human souls. The sitting young men and women are all excellent examples of human fitness dressed in prim outfits resembling religious school uniforms. The four men and two women standing behind them, dressed in various casuals, stand frozen as the deactivated robots they are.“What’s on your mind?” Misty asks while the young people listen intently.“As you know, except for the handling of aliens, I try to stay out of human development. You are a more robust race when you develop your own science and solve your own problems,” Joey begins.“Uh-huh, like a baby is trained.”“OK. But sometimes I find that evil is winning. You’ve met the Illuminati; we’ve followed Misty’s encounter from here," Joey tells the group. "Well, in the 1950s, they partnered with the Bilderbergs to influence the CIA to pursue mind control. It was an unsuccessful and sloppy ordeal with overuse of LSD but they did have some success with disassociation,” Joey instructed.“Isn’t disassociation a mental state wherein the mind separates from a body in distress?” Patti questions.“Yes, thank you,” Joey continues. “Under the name of MK-ULTRA, the CIA used tortures to break people down and rebuilt them reactive to their trigger of some kind.”“Like ‘The Manchurian Candidate!’ Amie squawked out.“Very much like that movie! By the time that the illegal operation by the CIA was ended in 1973, it had gained that degree of reliability, as in it worked. It is believed that it continued without oversight but we know the Illuminati continued the work. We now have one of their Deltas! How far could they have come in the last fifty years? Ever heard of Sirhan Sirhan?” Joey asked then paused. There were no answers and no interjections, so it continued.“The horrors of producing this brainwashing are overwhelming to any but the most psychotic of the group's members. Common thugs can’t be used. It works easiest with children under fourteen.”“Is that how we are reprogramming the men we capture?.” Misty asks.“Oh, no! I use a machine that finds the damaged, stressed memories and removes them completely. Then new memories are implanted. To completely remake someone, all memories are removed,” Joey says. To a soul, his audience scowls.“It’s painless,” he assures them and their expressions relax a little. “The thing is, I have found the factory that is brainwashing people, making Deltas and sex slaves. It’s damn active, the Illuminati takeover attempt is nearing fruition. They may have trouble from some of their rivals, the Bilderbergs or even the CIA that also wants the power, but we can’t count on that.”“Let’s drop a MOAB on them!” Misty exclaims with zeal.“Were it that easy,” Joey explains. “The group owns a modern three-story office building facing Fountain Square innocuously in downtown Cincinnati. Can’t use that big ass bomb there, unless you want about a thousand collateral casualties. You know I don’t kill people, even some as bad as these.”“Hiding in plain sight. OK, what’s the plan?” Misty asks, ignoring her inner self telling her to be quiet.“I’ve made arrangements for a field trip from a local school to visit. They will only be shown the cover business of an insurance brokerage, of course. Once inside, the team will disable this cover and advance into the real workings.”“Won’t they just call for help?” one of the boys asked.“Good question Frank. Part of my job will be to take over communications in and out of the building. Neither side will know they are talking to me and I’ll keep it that way until you all have revamped the insides.”“About revamping the workings?” Misty asked for clarity.“I don’t have the blueprints of the interior so, once inside, you will all spread out in groups moving in different directions. I’ll supply everyone with a focused taser, EMP grenades, and cloaked bulletproof clothing. The parental-looking androids are able to break any lock and can call on greater firepower in case of emergency,” Joey told them enthusiastically. There were a few questions.“Why don’t we blast the place with these focused tasers and EMPs, bigger ones, from space?” the same young man asked.“The building is protected with a Faraday cage, for one. For two, larger beams will disturb the surrounding air which might attract attention.”“And I’m supposed to do a military assault in a Foxcroft Mary blouse with a pencil skirt and high heels?” Misty asks, seriously.“You’re wearing a slide sandal and you’ll be fine,” assured Joey.No one noticed that the atmosphere had been penetrated as the wall went transparent and their unit could see outside. Misty was getting used to the view of a quiet glen surrounded by tall trees, adjacent to an untraveled road. This time there was a bi-articulated Van Hoot bus that sprang to life as the space transport opened the egress ramp and the airlock doors wide.The androids moved quietly while the young people chattered excitedly as they moved across the mossy soil and settled into the comfortable seats. The transport was quickly on its way opaquing the windows. One of the parent androids drove the bus while two others passed out the armament. When it was her turn, one of the bots pressed a tube to her shoulder encasing her into that enhanced but dreaded spacesuit again. A different android strapped a taser projector under her sleeve. It took over an hour to trek into the city and Misty sat quietly, heavy with leadership. What if one of the young ones got hurt or killed?Misty was disturbed from her reverie by the motion of the stopping bus. The door creaked open and the ‘parents’ hustled the seemingly bored ‘students’ from the bus and lined them up along the broad sidewalk across from the building of interest. They passed over at the light and Misty led them to the entrance. After a moment of hesitation, she opened the door and entered.The reception area was large and open and Misty hied to the secretary seated behind a desk on the far side. She smiled at the woman as she pulled her taser from its sheaf and shot her. The innocent victim’s smile froze on her face as she immediately fell, with an awful thump, into and then under her furniture. Misty heard her entourage squeal with glee as they opened up on the office workers behind the glass enclosures. There is a short hall on either side leading to poorly protected management offices. The occupants didn’t have the time to secure the doors behind the weak locks before the youngsters shouldered through them and gunned down the desk jockeys and their guests.“Some of these people are going to have some nasty bruises when they wake up,” Amie stated in general as they reassembled in the commons. Misty opened the door of the central elevator and activated the hold.“I want six students against the elevator back, four adults in the middle and I’ll take the point,” Misty commanded. In seconds the car was filled and then opened onto the second floor. She stepped out facing a guard room with a dozen heavily armed men ready to kill. These guards opened up with a deafening rattle of heavy caliber handguns and automatic rifle fire.Before Misty could get off a beam she took a bullet to the neck. The armor instantly distributed the load and saved her life but the impetus knocked her off her feet and to the side. The androids were sturdier and strode out past her with beams blazing from both hands. Bullets nicked small pieces from their reinforced hides. Misty was able to regain her footing in time to join the wall of students as they charged into the fray shooting selectively at the remaining targets. Misty's team took some damage but they persevered in short order.With the guards fallen they again split into two groups, one for each side hall. Down the far side, the Illuminati workers were surrendering and being herded into the second-floor commons in front of the elevator. On Misty’s other side, the team encountered a heavily armored door. One of the androids manipulated his eye to match that of the Delta they had captured and peered into the identity scanner. A green light appeared at the top of the door and it opened. When the employees inside saw the ease with which it was breached they surrendered.There were plenty of large and painful bruises to go around. The students tasered down these now huddled employees with less glee but greater zeal.Using the same lineup they again gathered in the elevator to affect the final floor. Two of the androids were heavily damaged and would be able to provide little help with the next fight. The elevator opened on the third floor and the crew piled out into an empty commons.Misty led the crew to the Northside first. They opened that door into an open area containing about three dozen beds filled with unconscious individuals ranging in age from twelve to thirty. There were no attendants. Half of their crew hurried out to retrieve equipment that would replace these horrific things with Joey’s compassionate repair machines.Hurrying to the other side they opened the door into open living quarters. There was odd-shaped furniture, odd toilet equipment, and a kitchen. In the middle of it sat a large human form with green scaley skin and a lizard head with slitted eyes and flesh-ripping teeth. It reeded of rot.“Chitauri!” hissed the nearest android.
"Do you trust us, Sofie?""Of course.""Then we need to know more about these dreams. Have they continued this last week?""…""Please Sofie, the cameras may not pick up every slight nod or shake of your head. Verbally, if you can.""Yes, they have.""And Daren. Has he been a recurring element again?""Yes.""Are you still having conversations with the boy?""..""Verbally, Sofie.""Yes, we talk.""What do you talk about?""I mean, they're just dreams. Does it matter?""Yes…it does.""We just talk about life. Life here in the Straights. Life in the wilds. Is that why I've been brought here? Is it because my sleeping mind is dreaming of the wilds? I have no desire to explore these thoughts in waking life Counsellor I swear it.""I believe you, Sofie. But some colleagues reported you asking questions about the wilds. Talking about strange dreams. This is all just a precaution Sofie. A necessary precaution. Do you trust us?""….Yes"Sofie had to think about her response to that question for the first time in her life. Did she trust The Letters? Did she trust this system? She had to. What other choice did she have? //The Straights// kept her safe, and the Letters ran //The Straights// incredibly well. Every need is taken care of, from cradle to grave. "Does he ever talk about the war?""No." Sofie knew this question was coming. In the weeks that had passed since she had been relocated, nothing had changed. Saturdays were always the same, hours upon hours of waiting, some highly invasive poking and prodding, and then the questions. This office. These questions."We just want to get this all squared away Sofie, so that you can go home, to your old module."Her old module, oh how she missed it. With its adjacent rolling green hills and views of the Old Sydney Harbour. Of course most importantly, her workmates. Some of whom had been with her since Crèche. What time was it? 5 pm? 6 pm? They would be hitting the ramp by now, down into the ezone for one earthly delight or another. Could they even imagine the monotony of life in the realignment module? Could she have, just a few weeks ago?"I mean, surely you'd rather be in the Entertainment Zone right about now?" The counsellor leaned back in her office chair, affecting unusually human movements and patterns of speech as the walls of the room shifted to a blueish green hue, reminiscent of her favourite room in the Crèche. The Crèche she had spent her formative years in, learning all about the virtues of //The Straights//. Loyalty, Gratitude, Trust. They were lucky to be born in one of //The Straights// and not the city, or even worse…the wilds. This is why they donated to the city. This is why they listened to the Letters.The counsellor rose to her feet and walked around the empty desk before her, coming to a seat directly opposite Sofie. The automaton swiped her right hand over her left forearm then extended an index finger drawing up into the air in a swift singular motion calling forth a neon blue digiscroll. With another motion, this time of her wrist, the counsellor turned a portion of the scroll toward Sofie."Is this him? Is this 'Daren'?"The image was confronting. It was the boy from her dreams alright, though he looked dishevelled. Where she knew him with neatly combed medium length brown hair and impeccable posture, this picture showed a Daren who looked like he had just woken up from a bad night down the ramp. Or a good one, depending on how you look at it. His hair was all over the place, there was a slouch in his step and he seemed to be carrying some sort of weapon in his left hand. It looked like a part of a Serenity Sentinel. His right hand was grasped tightly around the ankle of a human leg, dragging behind him an unconscious body. Or was it dead? Daren had told her that he was a hunter, but it was implied that he hunted the beasts of the wilds, not city dwellers. He could never. But the eyes, there was something about those vibrant pools of grey. The calm determination they displayed, was unmistakably Daren. She shook her head, no. "It can't be. That's a photo. Daren is just a dream!"The automaton dismissed the scroll and placed a hand on Sofie's shoulder leaning forward until their foreheads almost touched. Sofie was beginning to cry. "There is much that you do not know Sofie. The Letters are looking out for you. Just as they always have. These 'dreams' maybe something more. Daren may be dangerous. I know it's a difficult thing to consider. But we need to know if there is a resemblance? Could this boy be your Daren? Older, younger, the specifics do not matter, could it be the same boy?" Her tone had softened despite Sofie's increasing hysteria. It was almost soothing. Several moments passed. The room was entirely silent save for Sofie's quickening sobs. "The next time you dream Sofie, we need you to ask him about the war. We need to know what their next move is. Can you do that for us? So many lives could be depending on this Sofie, depending on you."Sofie nodded her head, as the counsellor wrapped warm arms around her. She wept into the comforting embrace. Again she was reminded of her Crèche. Of trust.*** *** *** ***"Have you ever left The Straights?""No, we aren't allowed.""Allowed?""It's too dangerous.""But how do you know all you believe is true when you can't even go look for yourself?""They show us videos and images.""Those things can be faked Fi.""No, I trust them."*** *** *** ***For Daren, the dreams were not new, they were a part of life - a way of life. He had had these dreams for as long as he could remember. In fact, in his 15 short years of life, he must have walked consciously through thousands of dreams, if not more. They always started the same. The sounds came first, unmistakable and jarring, sounds that did not quite fit together. The sound of waves crashing upon the shore, the familiar chirps and beckons of local mountain birds awakening before the first rays of the sun. The distinctions between the songs of the mountain birds and the birds of the sea were subtle, perhaps absent, to the less tuned ears of a city-dweller; but Daren knew these sounds did not belong together. It was jarring, and so he opened his eyes.The familiar sight of the circle of stones surrounding him provided comfort, much as it always did, against the backdrop of that feeling of not feeling. It was something he would never get used to. That peculiar sensation that came in one's own dream-field from seeing the sharp stones beneath his unadorned feet, from hearing the crunch of the leaves and the breaking of twigs as he oriented himself in the space but never actually feeling their trademark scrapes or stabs against his skin. It was jarring, which meant it was time to go to work. Daren made his way through the maze-like paths of the stone circle at a leisurely pace until he saw something move to his left. Stopping in his tracks, he turned and came face to beak with a small but proud Stone Bush Curlew perched atop one of the stones lining his current path. He was still about 3 km from the outer edge of the circle where he knew the stone he sought lay. "Don't." Daren mouthed, shaking his head as the Curlew lifted its left talon and tucked it for a moment beneath its ash-grey tail feathers. A considered movement followed by a curious pause."Don't." This time he spoke the words aloud, staring directly into the yellow ringed eye of the bird who had tilted its head to keep Daren in its line of sight. If he could feel in this place, Daren was sure he would feel a tightening in his neck right about now as he braced for the inevitable warning. He stretched it out anyway, preparing himself for what was to come. The Curlew placed its left talon back on the sandy coloured stone and straightened its spine. It opened its beak letting out a bloodcurdling wail, not unlike that of a banshee from the stories he loathed to love as a child. Dipping his head in acknowledgement, Daren turned and broke into a run. He ran as fast as his legs could take him, leaping over lower standing stones and onto new paths where he could shorten the journey. Though it felt like a lot longer, 11 minutes later he was at his destination. The stone he knew would lead to her. To Sofie.*** *** *** ***"How did you get here anyway? The Straights are meant to be closed off. Secure""Fi, you're dreaming.""I'm… what?""You're asleep right now. Yeah, that's it, pinch yourself. You feel nothing right?""Oh my… I'm… Asleep? How?""The human mind can do wondrous things Fi. Things even the Letters don't understand. I'm here to wake you.""Wake me? Wait, slow down, where are you going.""I'll show you how I got here, do you trust me?""I do.""Then keep up!"*** *** *** ***As she return to the residential block in her new module that night, Sofie felt waves of exhaustion wash over her. This was normal for a Saturday night, and understandable, she told herself. Anyone would be tired after the kind of day she had. She could see, in her new neighbours, the same weight when they returned from their processing days. Some on Tuesday, some on Thursday, but always the demeanour was the same. The slouched back, the dragging feet, the bags under the eyes, the signs of a day spent 'in the wars' as they say - the signs of defeat. Was that what she could see in the image of Daren? As she entered the elevator of the residence block a drone flew around her in a circle, scanning her eyes, ears and neck as it went. "5th Floor, third station on the left, sleeping quarters 507. Welcome home Sofie" it recited. Sofie paid it no mind, as her thoughts continued to linger on the disturbing image she had just seen. She didn't know what to think. If only Daren could visit her tonight. But the dreams never came on Saturdays. She was just too tired.She entered her room for the night. She had liked the coziness of the sleeping quarters in this module originally. When she lay flat and stretch she could reach across the entire room. After the day she'd had, it felt restricting. She rolled onto her side and closed her eyes. And on that newly normal Saturday, curled up tight on the hard white floor, the most abnormal thing happened. Sofie dreamt.*** *** *** ***"They moved you where?""To the realignment module.""What is that?""It's like, a place where people go when they're sick.""Are you sick Fi? Is everything ok?""No, I'm fine! They're just concerned about these dreams.""Are you?""No. I like them."*** *** *** ***Sofie's dreams were always depressing to Daren. Everything was muted compared to the existence he knew, and he couldn't help but wonder if //The Straights// looked to the waking eye as they do to her slumbering mind. The world he inhabited during his waking hours was one of lush greens and countless shades of grey and brown. Nature had infused every nook and cranny of the wilds with beautiful flowers and curious creatures of every imaginable size, shape and wondrous hue it had at its disposal. Here, however, among the endless rows of lifeless cubes, cylinders and flat bottomed spheres he counted only two shades of grey and neither of them was in any way memorable or interesting. Even the greenery which separated the perfectly aligned three-dimensional shapes lacked any sign of unique character. Every bush was the same height, width and shade as every other and each meticulously placed blade of grass contained the same slight bend close to its tip. Everything was sterile. Everything was manufactured. And nothing truly born.Tonight, the differences between Daren's world and Sofie's mental reconstruction of her own were even more pronounced. The dull veneer that paint her existence like one of the filters in her online images was even thicker than usual, and fewer people were milling about the ezone than Serenity Sentinels. This was odd, Daren thought. He was used to seeing their extravagantly coloured frames in the residential quarters and work districts, in fact, he quite liked coming upon them as they were the only reminder here in the module that blues, pinks and purples exist. He felt a group of them eye him suspiciously. This was inaccurate of course, as they did not possess eyes with which to view him with suspicion. Their scanners were unmistakably trained on him though and he felt a deep sense of discomfort, something was wrong. As he approached the entry apparatus to the spheroid building he had chosen to use, it turned red. A speaker embedded in the frame of the structure played three times in a robotic voice the same message. "Access denied, trustability index too low. Please see a nearby Serenity Sentinel for assistance with realignment."The curlew's call echoed in his mind as he noticed the Sentinels closing in on him."Shit" Daren muttered under his breath, not silently enough apparently as he heard the same voice from the structure he was now leaning against chide him for his language and mention a further reduction in his trustability index. "Shit, shit, shit!" Daren shifted his weight nervously from side to side as he went over his options. He could fight, but here in Sophie's dream-field, unlike his own, he would feel every blast and blow. No, the best choice was to surrender and see what Sofie's dream had in store for him next. He lowered to his knees, hands in the air above his head.*** *** *** ***"Tell me about the war.""Fi, get these things off me, I came in here peacefu..."No. Just because you didn't attack the heavily armed Sentinels doesn't mean that I'm safe."Can you at least loosen them?""No. Tell me.. about.. the war.""There is no war Fi.""Stop calling me that. I don't want you to call me that anymore. Only my friends can call me Fi.""We're not friends?""…""I was going to tell you. You didn't even want to believe you were dreaming at first ok? I'm trying here Sofie. Please, these restraints are really hurting.""Fine! There.""Thank you.""Now. Tell me about the war.""There isn't much to tell Fi.""…""Sorry...' Sofie'… The Letters control the city and use the city officials to track down anyone who isn't in the system. Either to bring them in or…""Or what?""Sofie…""The Letters don't kill people Daren. The Letters help people.""Is that what they tell you?""Why would they lie to us?""Why would I lie to YOU?""Because you want to use me against the…""Yeah… so you see how that could work both ways right?""Ok, let's say they do kill people…""They do""Ok! Fine! You don't?""I've killed people… But only ever to protect.""Well, they protect us.""From children? In tents? People who couldn't even get into the straights if they tried!? THINK FI! Why do I need to come to you in your dreams?""…""Why wouldn't I just waltz into one of the modules Fi? Why does the fighting never find its way here? If you're in such dire need of protecting why have you never seen even an ounce of conflict in your life!?""I don't know!""Exactly! … Fi, I have no reason to lie to you. I have zero power over you. There IS.. no.. war. Just genocide, and people with the audacity to try and survive. Fi, please.""I told you to stop calling me that!""Huaagghh….Ow….. Ha. Hahah. Hahahaha! Oh wow that's amazing.""What, how?""Sofie that was incredible.""Where did your chair go?""Sofie, you just showed major control over the dream-field.""The… dream-field?""You've been doing it for a while now. I mean you lowered my trustability index, right? And you gave me one in the first place when you wanted to show me the ezone. A whole digital identity inside your brain.""…""I'm here to help you Fi.""…""I'm here to help you wake up. To learn who you are. To free you. The Letters have lied to you and everyone you know for your entire life. They don't care about you. They only care about justifying their existence so none of you wakes up and tries to shut them down.""…""Shake your head all you want. Now that they know what you are they will NEVER let you out of the realignment module. They will use you until they can't and then they will lock you down and throw away the key forever… If you're lucky.""What do you mean now that they know what I am?" "You're a Dreamwalker Fi. Like me.""I'm a…""A Dreamwalker. Yeah. And based on the way my ass feels right now I'm gonna say you could be a great one.""Ha…""There's the Fi I know... Sofie. Really. I'm here to help you. Please. You trust me right?"Sofie didn't need to think this time."That word is meaningless.""Good. Follow me."
“This is my worst nightmare.” Groaned Derek.         “What’s wrong bro?” Asked Devon.         “They are out of Bang’s!”         “The energy drinks?”         “Yeah! I have to hit work when we pull in.”          “Just grab some other ones! There’s literally a whole section of different drinks!”         “You just don’t understand…” Derek reluctantly grabbed three Red Bulls that were underneath the empty shelves and closed the door to the gas station’s refrigerator door. The listened for the thud from the rubber lining as he made his way to the register. “You still tryin’ for that lottery money?”         “Yeah… This is the fourth week I’ve had this dream. Six numbers keep poppin’ up every week.”         “Yeah, but you haven’t won shit yet! Maybe the numbers mean somethin’ else.”         “Can’t be… It’s always six double digits.”         The twin brothers left the Oklahoma gas station, got into Devon’s 2003 Monte Carlo, and headed back to their apartment, near the University of Oklahoma campus. Having just crossed the state line, they were almost home. The brothers visited their parents in north Texas almost every weekend.         Derek popped the top to his first can of Red Bull and gave Devon the bag of Sour Patch Kids he just purchased, taking a ‘buyer’s tax’ from it. “When is the lottery supposed to come out?”         “Not ‘til Saturday… What about YOUR dream? You still havin’ that crazy thing?” Devon popped a handful of gummies in his mouth and kept his eyes on the road.          “Yeah… Same as you, for four weeks.  We’ve never ridden a horse or done any kind of cowboyin’… But there we are, with momma on a ranch up by the lake near Tioga, workin’, movin’ cattle, eatin’ beans, and drinkin’ sweet tea! HAHA!”         “That’s good land, who knows, when we land some good jobs, maybe we can get a place out there; make that dream come true… So, you gotta work tonight?”         “Yeah, Dr. Sen has the sleep study going on. We have to take notes on the subjects and monitor their neural activity.”         “That sounds borin' as hell… I don’t envy you at all.”         “Thanks...”         They chatted about random things until they got to the campus. Devon dropped off Derek then headed back home. The week passed by and the brothers were having breakfast Sunday morning. “Did we win the lottery or what?” Asked Derek.         “I didn’t even hit one number!”         “Lemme see that ticket.” Derek double checked the numbers to see for himself. “Yup. You’re a loser.”         “What happened to ‘WE’?”         “WE are hungry. Pass the bacon.”         They ate and read the online news sources like they did most Sunday mornings. They were in their second year of college and were working for a better life.         “Hold up…” said Derek, sitting up in his chair. “Lemme see that ticket again.” Devon handed it over to him wondering what the issue was. “This is the ticket we bought here, right?”         “Uh-huhhhhh…”         “This is the lottery back in Texas…” Derek held up his iPad and showed Devon the numbers from the previous night’s drawing. They were the exact same numbers as his dream.          “Damn. Could have bought that ranch you dreamt about.”         “You said you dream about those numbers every week, right? When was the last time you had it?”         “I have it a couple of times a week. I had it Wednesday night with these numbers.”         “That’s when I last had the dream about the ranch.”         “You’re the therapist. Is that a thing?”         “Not yet… Maybe it is though. Let me look into a few things.”         Derek spent the day looking deeper into the psychology of dreams. He was also intrigued that their dreams could possibly be linked and the fact that they had their recurring dreams the same night brought a deeper level of connection. Derek went to Dr. Sen to discuss what he found.         “This is fascinating, Derek.” Dr. Sen said, thumbing through Derek’s research. “I would love to get you two in here for analysis if you are up to it.”         “That would be great. I’ve always wanted to explore our link.”Derek called Devon to tell him.“Hell. No.” Said Devon.“C’mon bro. This could help us figure each other out like no two people on the planet, ever!”“No, I’m not going to be some kinda guinea pig for your boss’s research. No head shrinking, lab testing, poking, or prodding.”“He said he could pay us for our time.”“…”“We haven’t had no lottery dreams since, remember? No golden ticket for us. We need the money.”“…”“C’mon!”“Okay… okay… but if it gets to be too much, I’m pulling out.”“I knew you would. We start Thursday.”***Dr. Sen set up the project to enhance ideal sleep and brain function. The brothers’ diet was altered, daily exercise was programmed in and blood work was done to analyze deficiencies and levels of their physiology. They were given a dream cocktail of citicoline, huperzina serrata, l-theanine, phosphatidylserine, mucuna prureins, and melatonin to enhance levels of sleep, brain activity, and aid in lucid dreaming. The brothers reacted normally at first, either having random dreams without meaning or no dreams at all. Dr. Sen would leave for the night then return early to continue analyzing the data. Then, a few nights in, his new assistant called him in at 1am.“What is going on?”“Doctor, at exactly 11:09pm their neural activity spiked. 45 minutes into the study they went into rapid eye movement (REM) and began dreaming. They have been dreaming since then.”“That is already 4 times as long as the average dream! How are the rest of their vitals?”“Their heart rates have increased periodically but never simultaneously. It coincides with rapid breathing and some perfusion.”The dream sequence went on for another 90 minutes. The two stayed asleep for the rest of the night. The next morning, they woke up bothered. Dr. Sen walked into their room as they began to get up. “Good morning, while it is fresh, can you describe what you saw and how you felt?” The new assistant, Craig, followed behind with a video camera.Devon gathered his thoughts and spoke first, “I was bein’ chased. But it wasn’t anywhere I’ve ever been before and I don’t know by who or what. I couldn’t see any faces; I just knew I had to run. It felt like I ran all night.”Dr. Sen was a bit disenchanted, “Is that all you remember? Do you remember anything about the landscape?”Devon thought for a moment, “I remember brick walls, runnin’ toward water, some benches in a park, then a giant arch, looked silver.”“How big was the giant arch?” Asked Dr. Sen.“Like McDonald’s?” Interjected Craig.Devon shot a confused look at him. “No, this was one arch, like a few hundred feet in the air.”Dr. Sen continued, “Hmm, were you lucid? Were you able to control your dream? Did you realize you were dreaming?”“No, other than looking around, I made a few direction choices maybe, but I just went along with it.”Derek looked stunned and somber.“What about you Derek?”“I saw a kid get taken. I couldn’t help, I could move but it was like a barrier was around them. I also couldn’t yell even though I was tryin’ to. I could only watch.  I saw their faces and clothes. The area was blacked out; like we were in a dark room and light was shinin’ only on them.”         “This is peculiar…” Dr. Sen said as he paced around the room. “Normally, in your dreams, you only dream of places and people you know or have seen, on the television for example. Yet, you say you have never been to this place nor seen those faces. It would also appear that the two may be linked, either literally or figuratively. I hope it would be the latter.” He then turned and walked out.          Craig told the brothers to change and leave when they are ready. When they came out, Craig, told them to take notes if they remembered anything else then to bring them back the following night. “Alrigh’! See you later ‘McDonalds’…” Yelled Devon as they walked out. “That’s Craig, he’s new. ‘McDonalds’ is a good nickname for him though. He’s always eatin’ it.” Replied Derek.***Their dreams that night were uneventful; dreams about middle school dances, playing sports, and living in a Looney Tunes cartoon. This stream of imaginings went on for a few nights. Despite any sort of impactful visions, their state of lucidity was increased and they were able to fully assimilate to their dreams, controlling them.A couple of days later, the boys arrived at the laboratory, they got ready and ingested their nightly cocktail. ‘McDonalds’ was watching baseball highlights on his laptop, on ESPN. The Top 10 was on and the #2 play of the day was a home run to the outer wall of the field. The camera panned the stands following the ball as it traveled out of the field.“McDonalds! Where’s THAT?!” Yelled Devon as he moved in closer to the screen.“That’s Busch Stadium.”A replay with a different angle showed the path of the ball. As it moved across center field, the image of a giant silver arch stood tall on the horizon outside of the stadium.“Where’s Busch Stadium?” Asked Devon.“St. Louis, Missouri.” Replied McDonalds. “Is that the arch from your dream?”“Yeah! We’ve never been to St. Louis, right D?Derek shook his head, no. They turned around and saw Dr. Sen watching them. “Gentlemen, we have been at a stalemate the last few nights. I would like to place an additional variable into the study. I am going to begin giving you a micro dose of psilocybin to aid in the visions you have. I want to see the effects on your dream state.”Devon and Derek agreed and took their additional enhancement before going into the room.Derek began looking around the room and saw stars. “Think this’ll work?”“Yeah… oh yeah…” said Devon as he was staring at his feet, wiggling his toes, lying in bed. The next morning, they were alert and anxious as soon as they opened their eyes. They popped out of bed and looked at each other as the staff entered the room. With the video camera rolling, Derek said “Devon was in it. We were walkin’ down a street and I could see a dozen kids playin’. They were so happy. You could see it in their faces. I turned to look at Devon and his face was different, it was someone else’s. It looked like the guy from the first dream. That’s when I woke up.”“You could see faces again?” Asked Dr. Sen. “Yeah. But I still didn’t recognize them.”Devon stuttered, “I-I-I had the s-s-same dream… I was walking down a street. I could see houses no cars. I couldn’t see the kids but it was all in black-and-white. Everything.  Everything but the door. There was a house with a red door. I went up the stars to the porch and opened the door. When I opened it, I heard screams, fell backward, then woke up.”“Do you remember anything else? An address or any other details?” Asked Dr. Sen.“The only part of the street name I remember was Ave. I think I saw a “1” when I was walking up the stairs.”“With your proclivity to have foretelling dreams. I gather there must be some sort of connection between a future abduction in St. Louis and this house.” Dr. Sen continued to pace around. “This will take some looking into.”***The brothers left the lab bothered and sorted through the images in their heads. They spent the day comparing each other’s dreams. When they returned, Dr. Sen and McDonalds had a stack of papers on a table. Dr. Sen looked up with a concerned look they had not seen on his face. “Unfortunately, we were correct. There has been a series of unsolved murders in St. Louis whose primary victims are adolescent children.”The brothers had felt a punch to the gut land in the pit of their stomachs. Devon became irritable… “No, I didn’t sign up for this. I thought this was goin’ to be a study about our heads and dreams, maybe even some psychoanalyzin’ but not this! We’re right in some messed up shit!”Derek stepped up to his brother and grabbed him. “We’ve got to keep goin’. We might be able to help solve this! We might be able to help some kids!”Devon struggled with the thought but yielded. He said “Fine.” Then walked away with Dr. Sen.That night’s brain activity was explosive despite them only dreaming for 15 minutes. At 4am Derek woke up and made a blood curdling scream, waking up Devon. The lights came on and the staff ran in. McDonalds ran in to check on them while another assistant grabbed the video camera.“He’s dead! I saw him kill him!” Derek’s face dripped with sweat as he sat up in bed. “I saw it happen! Oh my God!” He wept. “It was the same faces that have been in my dreams. It’s them! Oh my God! It was horrible!”“What did YOU see?” McDonalds asked Devon.“I was running through a cemetery. I didn’t know why. I just knew I had to be somewhere. I got to a street and went right. I kept running. Everything was still in black-and-white. I saw the street we were on last night. It was Eastover Ave. I ran down that street. When I got to the house, I saw red again. The red door. I ran up the stairs and made sure I looked at the number, 1304. I was about to go in when Derek yelled.”Dr. Sen ran in the lab 30 minutes later with a man in a suit. After viewing the video, they went into the lab to see Derek and Devon. The brothers were still awake and calm, but unusually quiet. “Agent Williams is a friend from the local FBI office and has reached out to authorities to permit us copies of the case files for the missing children.” Dr. Sen spread the papers about on a nearby table. “They have only recently been brought into the case. After explaining to him what has been going on here, they have allowed us to view them. He is here to gather any other information that could aid in the abductions.” Derek and Devon sorted through the papers and read the statements. Derek picked up pictures and pointed out the faces in his dream. He remembered some of the children in the photos and sorted them out. Then he saw the photo of the boy who was killed.“This is him! This is the kid! He’s the one that died!” He gave the photo to Agent Williams. “Samuel Barker, 9 years old. He was abducted just a few days ago. They were on a school trip to the Gateway Arch when the teacher noticed he was no longer with the group.”“What day?”“Wednesday. St. Louis PD has been on this for weeks. They’re not sure if they’re all linked but the count is over 20 in the last two months.”“That’s two days after we had the first dream. We’re two days ahead. He’s probably still alive!”“Hopefully so. What about the guy?”“Looked like a white guy. Big, like fat with muscle. Like a powerlifter. He had a black hoodie and pants on.  And he had a beard.”“Devon, you saw the area?”“Yeah, 1304 Eastover Ave. It’s a small house, looks nice. Taken care of. There are stairs headin’ up to the front door, and its red. There was a cemetery down the street in the dream.”“Anything else you can remember?”“No.”“I’ll pass it forward. If anything comes out of it, I’ll let you all know. Thanks guys.”Agent Williams left with Dr. Sen. The lab was quiet and everyone was visibly tired. Devon and Derek left the building somber.“You wanna go get breakfast? Asked Devon.“Hell yeah! I wanna go get a couple Bangs too. After last night, I don’t wanna sleep… at all…”That night they went back into the lab and were met by Dr. Sen and McDonalds. Dr. Sen looked at the brothers with a muted contentment, “The FBI raided the house today acting on an ‘anonymous tip.’ Young Mr. Barker was still alive, tied up in a back room with seven other children. The perpetrator confessed to the killing of another six.” Dr. Sen consoled Derek as he began to sob. “The house did indeed have a red door and a cemetery at the end of the street.”Devon put his arm around Derek and hugged his brother. “What say we forego the dream cocktail and just try to rest as best we could tonight, ehh gentlemen?” Dr. Sen said as he led the way into the lab.Derek replied. “No doc, I think we’re just gettin’ started.”
I Off the southwestern coast of California, hidden away at the bottom of the ocean between Terminal Island and Catalina Island is an underwater structure in the shape of an upside-down pyramid. Its color is dark blue and its size is roughly the same as an average two story house you might find on the west side of Long Beach. The tip of its sky blue apex is approximately one micrometer away from fully touching the underwater soil below. It appears to be suspended perfectly straight as if by magic.Arriving outside of it, encased in a dark green mechanized diving suit, is a man so complicated and conflicted that he can only confide his troubles in the most unknown and isolated sorts anyone could possibly find here on planet Earth, or not on planet Earth including at the bottom of the ocean for that matter. He comes close to where the base of the sky blue apex meets the beginning of the rest of the dark blue pyramid. A square panel the size of a standard roof hatch that you might find on business buildings, slides open swiftly. Then the man in the mechanized suit is immediately sucked into the pyramid and the panel closes quickly leaving a trail of small bubbles.In water, he whooshes rapidly straight upward through the entrance chamber, then into an all-white dry enclosure the size of a disabled personal shower that an overpriced fitness gym would provide and rarely clean. Only this shower is sparkling white and tiled with white glass triangles. If it were possible for this man to smell the inside of this enclosure, the scent would remind him of fresh rain falling on a white sandy beach in the Virgin Islands. After completely traveling up through the suction chute, the water he arrived with starts falling down upon him showering his suit and right before he and the water hit the ground the panel he shot out of closes immediately and he lands perfectly on his feet.He pauses for a moment to gain his composure. Then he knocks on the white glass door in front of him to get released from the entrance chamber. Standing there dripping of water, waiting, he can barely make out a shadowy figure quietly floating closer to the door. It stops about one foot away. The figure’s height is a few inches taller than the man’s towering six-foot five.All of a sudden two top panels of the chamber flip over high intensity red colored fans and began rapidly blowing warm air into the entire chamber and onto the occupant inside. The effect was like being in a tornado and in approximately sixty seconds everything was dry including the chamber itself.The sound of a long bolt being disengaged and pulled back was heard. The shadowy figure stood there as motionless as a Greek God carved from stone. The door opens quickly. The man surprisingly notices that no one is on the other side to meet him there.The man in the suit takes a few steps and enters into a large furnished room tiled with a black and white quartz crystallized checkerboard floor, walls laced with black stuffed bookshelves, a black leather chaise lounge directly in front of a black desk that supported a black thirty three inch computer monitor, then the white glass door closes quickly behind him. He sees a black wooden coat rack with nothing hanging from it to his immediate left. He figures this would be very useful so he begins the process of disengaging and powering down his mechanized suit.He unlocks and removes his clear helmet and places it on the very top of the coat rack. He takes in a deep breath and a potent odor of Frankincense floods his olfactory senses. He notices that the ceiling is black with specks of very bright lights shining down upon the room and the collage of it effectively resembles the milky way galaxy. Then he exhales and starts to unzip the rest of his mech suit articles revealing the black and red wet suit he’s wearing underneath and manages to hang some of them on the rack, but then leans the rest of his gear against the book shelved wall. He sees that right behind the desk is a very large silvery mirror in the middle of the bookshelf. He approaches the desk while staring in to the mirror. Lost in his own reflection he rubs his salt and pepper stubble, inspects his long nose for anything out of place, then squints his gray eyes in a small effort to ignore the thin wrinkles around them. His thin lips frown at the thought of his thinning grayish hairline starting to recede and the oldest male enemy, baldness, is starting to set in too.A deep, dark and unsettling robotic voice spoke through hidden speakers disguised as books that were evenly spread across the whole room, “Please lie down your highness. We will begin our session shortly.”Puzzlingly looking for the exact source, he finally gave up and replied, “Agreed.” Then he slowly walked over. Looked at the lounge. Sat down on it, then lifted his legs onto it in the full laid back position.II“Good morning Count Rietberg. Before we get started, I need you to answer my question,” the digital voice paused for a moment then continued on, “How did you find me?”While lying on the lounge, Count Rietberg brought his hands together in a clasp, blinked his eyes and paused, then in his thick German accent replied, “I know most of the important people on planet earth. The ones who make things happen, not just on a local scale, but also on a global scale. The ones who build towns and cities, counties and districts, states and nations. The ones who rightfully take advantage of the useless eaters, peasants, and unwanted barnacles of society, and put them to work making their products, providing their services, or slowly poisoning them into oblivion or into the loving arms of the for profit medical professionals and institutions. The ones who take and transform natural resources into the multi billion-dollar industries that exist and dominate the world today. If I ask them for something, they will give it to me.”“Interesting, and why would they just give it to you, Count?” asked the robotic voice.“Because, if they don’t give me any thing I want of them, at any moment I want it, I will send one of my miniature spy bots to infiltrate their dwelling places, workplace office’s, or leisure environments. Then neatly and undetectably hide itself and when the right time happens, I’ll activate it’s resonance extrapolation abilities to effectively vacuum out of the walls, ceilings and surrounding environment, any and all sounds, including conversations, that had taken place in that particular space. Then I will use the data I retrieve from the spy bot and intimidate or blackmail the unlucky recipient of my request. If that doesn’t work, than I have other means of information retrieval and request fulfillment.”“And what is it exactly that you want Count?”“Well Doctor, I’ve grown bored, tired, and very irritated with the massive amount of people all over the world taking up space with their needy hands always opened and begging for handouts. I want to live in a perfect world filled with the most desirable people. A world where everyone is beautiful, thin, pretty, and no one is unattractive or locust like. There’s simply too many people on earth and most of them are just taking up space and weighing all the good quality people down with their burdens of neediness. The ground they are loitering on could be development or mined for minerals or sold as property, but because of these useless eaters just wasting space and everybody’s time we have to resort to other methods to get what we want out of their land. But most importantly, the fastest and most thorough way to correct the mistakes and exterminate the vermin and parasites leaching off of the job creators is to bring Jesus back immediately! I want to materialize the second coming of Jesus Christ so he can cast into Hell all of these lazy sinners and burdens of society and leave the earth to his devoted followers to create a Heaven without sinners.”“Interesting Count. And what if I told you that that’s impossible?”“I know that its not impossible because I believe in him and in the Rapture. I know that I am saved for just believing in him and being born again by my baptism in his name and that there will be a Heaven on Earth when he returns. I just need to speed up his return.”“And how would you speed up Jesus’ return?”“I must create the greatest Hell on Earth to initiate his return because that’s what the Bible says.”“Fascinating. And what would that entail?”“Well, first I would continue to make it easily profitable and accessible to drain as many nations of their natural resources, especial oil, until not only the legitimate effects of Global Climate change warp the surface of the planet, but the actual density of the planet changes and helps to permanently disturb its equilibrium and gravitational pull throwing weather patterns into even far more disarray than now, as well as chaotic internal inner earth fluctuations. The more Hellish and destitute the better. Already nations are stumbling through intense and magnified natural disaster after natural disaster. I thankfully am able to witness this myself. Its depleting their food and water and making it difficult to even grow food so those people will starve to death in misery and pestilence or be forced to migrate somewhere else and disturb the balance of their neighboring nations population numbers causing conflicts, barbarism, and wars. The beauty of this by product of poisoning our atmosphere has saved me so much time and money.But that’s just the beginning Doctor. I know that there are those from above who monitor and watch us down here below. I also know that they are not a threat to us otherwise they would have destroyed us long ago. But they just might prevent my plan from successfully completing so I have put into place the greatest Psychological Operation in the history of modern civilization to counteract their possible meddling.”“Psychological Operation? Tell me more about that.”“Well, those of us who are included on the covert mailing list so to speak know about the more mysterious phenomenon that has happened here on earth, have in older times as well as in modern times, been keeping track as much as we could of these so called visitations and contacts that these beings have been engaged in. Around the late part of the 1800’s as well as the very early part of the 1900’s, our secret organizations and fraternities got a hold of very complex high frequency and high energy electronic inventions that Nikola Tesla discovered and created. He had a little help from these beings because he was actually in contact with them. When we had the chance, we stole most if not all of Tesla’s blueprints and notes and created high level top secret Electromagnetic weaponry. We never released this information to the public and kept it underground. Figuratively and literally. We always denied that this type of technology could even exist, meanwhile we had most of it mastered as well as deployed and functioning in unassuming facilities that average everyday people would walk by and never notice.Eventually we started to use this technology against the visitors when we could see or detect them in the skies. We would purposefully down their craft and then retrieve the wreckage, and at times, both the dead and living extra biological entities that were on board the crafts. Then we reverse engineered their technologies. Both of the physical science category as well as the biotechnological varieties.”“Really? What do you mean biotechnological varieties?”“Well doctor, not only were we able to recreate and build our own human version of their spacecrafts, but we were also able to biologically reproduce their biological bodies. We then merged and infused into our lab grown versions of their biological bodies, our reversed engineered electronics systems to effectively and successfully create very precise imitations that look, sound, and feel like exact extra biological entities. We then are able to remotely control them from the comfort of a highly mechanized lounge chair in any one of our many deep underground military bases. Or D.U.M.B.s as some would like to call them.”“What is the purpose of all of this covert underground military operations Count?”“Well, you see, having superior intelligent beings out there from outer space appearing magically and then disappearing magically; healing sick people; coming in peace and inspiring people to a higher level of awareness and spirituality, makes Christianity look very stupid. It makes other religions look foolish as well, but I don’t really care about those other ones anyway, because I know that Christianity is the only true real and authentic religion of this planet, solar system, galaxy, and the entire universe. I can not allow Christianity to not be taken seriously because it would dissuade the masses and then they would stop going to church and believing in the Rapture that is real and true and we don’t want to lose this support.”“Well, Count,...I feel the need to explain something very important to you,” the Doctor replied, but this time a different voice resonated from the speakers instead of the robotic one. It was a deep solid tone that not only sounded stable and authoritative, but the Count could literally feel the sound resonance of his voice in the Chakra centers of his body.Count Rietberg’s eyes had been serenely closed during this question and answer session while lying there on the couch, but now, they slowly and fearfully opened to see the Doctor now standing in front of him. The Count’s heartbeat turned into a rapidly galloping steed as he made contact with all three of the Doctor’s eyes.Then the Doctor, who appeared to the Count as the darkest and Blackest three eyed towering human man he had ever seen in his life, brought his pitch black hands together in a common prayer like configuration. Then he slowly pulled them apart and a silvery photonic web like ball began to form and then unwrapped itself into a rounded square fluctuating white light and electrical arcs that settled into an information screen. On the screen appeared three faces. The Count has no idea who they are. The Doctor knows this already.“These three men of the Roman empire, Vespasian, Titus Flavius, and Flavius Josephus created a Literary character and then collected multiple different deities stories from around their landmass and amalgamated them into this new character that they created. They named him,...Jesus the Christ of Nazareth!” electrical photonic arcs lightninged and flashed with a thunderous clap resonating firmly after he said this. Count Rietberg terrifyingly swallowed and tried to deeply breath with no success while the reflection of the light blinked on his face.Then the Doctor continued, “They utilized this as a propaganda campaign against the Jews who had fought off the Roman Army from taking over their territory,” while the Doctor was illuminating Rietberg to the actual historical account, it was being replayed and broadcast as clear as live events through the photonic energy screen the Doctor had manifested in front of the Count’s face. The long historical events replay moved very quickly while an arc of electrophotonic energy firmly grasped Rietberg’s head and eyes. It downloaded all of the scenes directly through and into the count’s eyes that eventually made its way to his brain to forever rest like a railroad spike permanently hammered into his skull.Some of the scenes he now personally witnessed were the Jews surviving a significant battle and defeating the Roman Army and their plans to have a statue of Caesar erected in their provincial territory of Judea to be worshiped. The next scene was of the Flavian dynasty teaming up with Jewish scholars and learning about the Jewish Messianic movement and the dynamics involved with the coming of a great savior for the Jewish people. The next scene that Rietberg’s bloodshot and tired eyes witnessed was Vespasian being declared a God and his son, Titus Flavius, being declared the Son of God. Then the Count saw two books opened side by side on a large wooden table. One was a journal of the Military expeditions of Titus Caesar Vespasianus recorded by Flavius Josephus. The other book was the New Testament. Each page that turned in the Titus book matched each page turned in the New Testament book and conveyed the message that the New Testament is really just a retelling in a typological manner of the Military expeditions of Titus Caesar Vespasianus. Shockingly Rietberg strongly realizes that there never was a historical Jesus at all and the biblical character Jesus Christ is a typological representation of the Roman Emperor Titus.IIIIn a 25km-long, German-speaking principality between Austria and Switzerland, a twenty something room medieval castle is very quiet and calm at 3:33 A.M. in the morning until someone in a red, satin covered, luxurious king sized bed located in the master bedroom wakes up in a cold sweat yelling and screaming in angst and anxiety.“What is it dear? Are you OK?” his wife frantically asks then continues, “Hans-Adam were you having a dream? What was it about?”Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein, the Count of Rietberg, opens his eyes then slowly turns to his wife, through the tears and sweat of terror locks his grey eyes to her blue ones and dramatically responds, “Das ist mein schlimmster Albtraum!”
At first, Myrios thought that it was from overworking himself.You know, the whole “The last thing you think about before falling asleep is what you dream about” myth. Since clearly, he wouldn’t dream about Aberration 361 willingly. He wouldn’t think about her at all, if possible, but unfortunately she was a wily entity, slipping in and out of dimensions like water through a crack on the sidewalk, leaving a trail of broken timelines and changed fates behind her. He spent many a sleepless night pouring over her file, desperate for any clue to where she’d strike next. Because unlike Myrios, she didn’t need the Department of Interdimensional Peace or their technology to dimension hop. She didn’t need to slip into the body of an alternate of herself and temporarily take over their consciousness. 361 just needed to think about it, and pop! She was out of reach, onto her next scheme.She was infuriating like that.Aberration 361’s powers meant that Detective Myrios Enigma spent his days running after her, slipping into alternate after alternate while his superiors at DIP constantly got on his back for loosing her. Of course, they never considered the fact that their agents were human and needed sleep on occasion, or that Aberration 361’s abilities made killing her extremely difficult. So, needless to say, Myrios wasn’t happy when she started appearing in his dreams.It was only during the ninth dream when he realized that it was actually her in his dreams, and not his mind’s interpretation.Myrios glared down at the aberration. “So… you enter other people’s dreams.”361 shrugged, looking completely at ease sitting cross-legged on the… ground? Myrios could only assume, considering they were the objects in an otherwise empty void. The reds and blacks of her clothing and hair swirled and switched around, the red of her hat bleeding into her black hair, and her black hair bleeding into her red coat. “It’s something I picked up.”“I thought you could only dimension travel, not… this.” He gestured to all of her. Like a boiling pot about to bubble over, his temper scorched through his body, but he kept a lid on it. No hunter would begin his hunt without finding tracks in the soil, after all, so neither should he arrest 361 figuring out what was going on. “I didn’t know my dreams were another dimension.”“They’re not, they’re not,” she waved away his non-question. “I actually learned dream-weaving up from a witch in one of the fantasy worlds a while back. Nice lady; she tried to eat some kids, so I had to kill her, but still pretty nice. She said I was naturally magical; can you believe that? But yeah, this is only a dream—one we’re sharing, but a dream none-the-less.”Myrios rolled his eyes. One of the most powerful aberrations in the multiverse, and she could use magic. Great. At least she would be limited to the worlds were magic existed. “Which world?” he asked. He’d chased her to quite a number of fantasy worlds.“I don’t know. I don’t have one of those nifty little computers that tells me where I end up, and time passes differently for me.” She paused, considering. “I think you were a girl then. A princess?”“B56-98C-4.” Myrios concluded, since that was the only mission he’d had in the past year where he was both female and in a fantasy setting. He was still annoyed—she was interrupting his very rare sleep—but it was tempered by realization. Despite his best efforts (and his superior’s threats) he’d never managed to get 361 into an interrogation room. But now, here she was, actually speaking to him instead of frolicking around the multiverse, wreaking timelines. “It was one of your… tamer outings, if I recall.”She hummed. “Tamer?”“Oh, you know how it is,” he led, trying to get her to say more. “Whenever you breach a new world, it always goes one of two ways: either you try to destroy the timeline, or you embed yourself into the dimension, taking up a new identity in the process. You were an apprentice to the court witch, I think. Guess it does make sense that she would teach you some of the magic she knew.”She sighed. “Madam Terra. She’s beautiful, but… I’ve seen better.” She smirked coyly at him. “I seem to recall Princess Ioanna looking absolutely ravishing on her wedding day.” Myrios flushed and she laughed at him. “Of course, I didn’t realize it was you until you tried to attack me… why did it take you so long? Usually, it only takes you a week, tops, to sus out who I am, but you spent nearly three months as Ioanna.”Myrios felt unusually relaxed in 361’s presence. For an incredibly dangerous aberration that he was dedicated to removing, she acted like they were old friends, from the moment they first met. Considering how hectic working in DIP was, with new missions, often more than one, every day, he tried to return the favor. “Officially, it was because you hid yourself better than usual.”“It wasn’t that much better—”“You were blonde. And a man,” he said, cutting her off. “You’re never blonde.”She stroked her chin. “Was I a man…?” she murmured. “I can’t remember. What’s the unofficial reason?”“Unofficially… Tanya was in a bit of a tight spot politically, and barely an adult at that. I figured I could help her out before I had to leave.”“Tanya?”“Identity shenanigans, you know how it is,” he said, sitting down on the not-ground beside her. “Hell, in R29-67Y-9, you pretended to be three people at once.” At her blank look, he continued, “1920s, New York City. There was a murder?”“I don’t remember that.”“It was two months ago!”“For you.” She scoffed. “Time moves differently for me.” Myrios rolled his eyes. “Also, my memory’s shit. Not as bad as yours, but…”“What do you mean? My memory’s not bad.”“Oh really? Then what’s my name?”Myrios opened his mouth to answer, only to pause. What… was her name? He had to know it; he’d read her file dozens of times already, chased her for years, and yet… He shook his head. No, her name was “H—”“Nope, not even close.” 361 leaned back on her palms, smirking at him. “That’s an alias, and a pretty obvious one at that. No, I mean my real name. The one I gave to you when we first met, on February 2nd, 2020, in London. What is my name?”2020? That was… years ago, long before he was given the case on Aberration 361, hell, before he was a member of DIP! And London? He’d never been to London, right? At least, he didn’t think he had, DIP’s main headquarters was in Washington state, but… he frowned. Actually, had he ever been anywhere but the DIP headquarters? Room and board were provided, and he was so busy working, dipping in and out of other dimensions that…What did he do before working at DIP? He’d only worked there for a few years, he should know, and yet…Wait, how long had he been working at DIP?361 sighed. “You don’t remember. Still don’t, no matter what I try…” She shook her head. “I’m starting to give up on you, you know that? If you don’t wake up soon, I’m going to be really mad at you, darling.”“Who are you talking to?” His words were heavy, slow as molasses in winter.“You, silly.” She grabbed his chin, skin freezing cold and burning against his. He felt ice sculptures softer than her hand. “It’s time for you to wake up,“■■■■■■■”Myrios bolted up in bed, her voice ringing in his ears.
The year is 2082, or that’s what Marianne figured from the holographic billboards in the neon-lit street she was walking down. “Get your 2082 gear on with Quasar Fashion.” Marianne avoided eye-contact as she pushed her way through the crowded streets. Instead, her eyes were busy wondering at the flamboyant and colorful gel-like clothes worn by the people all around. It seemed like jeans and hoodies had been abandoned in the past.And something else that had changed dramatically was the sheer scale of the city. This particular street was once a quiet side road that led to the municipal buildings. Now, the street had colossal glass skyscrapers at either side, that bathed the streets with their neon publicity banners. Marianne’s eyes looked away from the people and narrowed in on the street names coming up ahead. Harlow Street—that was the destination. At that intersection was the National Science Institute, where Marianne needed to collect some solid information to bring back to her time and prove that she truly was the first time-traveler to the future.“Hold it!” a voice called out. Marianne ignored it. “Hey, I said hold it!.”Marianne stopped. She looked to her left and saw what appeared to be a police officer mixed with a DJ. Not sure if he really was a cop, Marianne said, “Are you talking to me?”“This is the Adult District, you can’t be here.”“Adult District?”“Yes, that means adults only. I’m gonna have to ask you to leave this—”“Wait, wait, wait. I am an adult!” Marianne barked. “Geez, talk about profiling. I just turned 18.”“I will have to see some ID, then,” said the officer.ID? Of course Marianne had ID; she got it three months ago when she turned 18. But she wondered what the officer would think when he saw her date of birth, October 1st, 2003. She would be 79-years-old!“If you have no ID, I’m gonna have to escort you away.”That could not be. Marianne had to reach that Science building, or her entire trip was for nothing—and time was already running out. So, Marianne reached for her pocket and pulled out her ID—a plastic card with her photo, her name, and her address.“What’s this?” asked the officer, taking the card. “I said show me your ID. Do you think I’m joking?”“That is my ID!” Marianne cried and took a step back.The officer looked at the card. He tried to bend it but stopped when he saw it could break. He tapped it. He turned it over. He even held it under the streetlight. “This is not—hey!”Marianne darted away, pushing her way through the crowd. People looked at her, bewildered and confused, as she ran by. She could even hear some people say things like, “She’s wearing fabric!”Then, Marianne heard police sirens follow from behind. It did not take long before people started to point and signal at her. Marianne’s heart began to race. Now she was a fugitive. She looked around frantically for somewhere to evade the pursuers. But she felt like a rat trapped in a cage where the bars were the enormous skyscrapers. Marianne began to feel dizzy with all the bright, flashing neon billboards. But then, she saw a huge Quasar Fashion store across the street. The police sirens were getting closer, so Marianne made a run for it.Once inside the store, Marianne felt even more out of place. The store was entirely white—walls, floor, and ceiling. There were only a few clothes being displayed in revolving glass columns that reached all the way up to the high ceiling. The brightly dressed, young, beautiful people, whose gender was undefinable, all looked at the girl in the jeans and a hoodie who had entered their store. Marianne felt like she had just walked in the middle of a fashion commercial. She was quite impressed by the strange gel-like clothes on display, but before she let herself marvel in awe, she remembered that the police would soon find her, and she was running out time to get to the Science building.But what was she going to do? How would she evade the police? There was nowhere to hide in this minimalist store. There were not even shadows being cast by anyone or anything anywhere! If the police came in, Marianne’s only chance was to blend in as a customer. So, she walked up to the first salesperson in sight and said, “Uh, hi! I wanted to, um, check stuff out.”“Uh, right,” said the salesperson, eyeing her up and down. “Welcome to Quasar Fashion.”From the corner of her eye, Marianne saw police lights just outside the store. “Thanks! Totally dig the, uh, Quasar thing, you know?”“And you’re here for?”“For clothes! Yeah! Uh, what’s… hot?” Marianne wondered why she said it like that.“Hot?”“Anything you recommend I will literally try on, like—” the blue and red lights were glowing brighter outside, “—right now!” Marianne tried to hide her face with her hair. “I have money!” she added.“Right,” said the salesperson, struggling to look away from Marianne’s ancient garments. “Well, we have the new Silica Holo-Bodice.”Marianne could only produce a face of confusion. “A what, now?”“Silica Holo-Bodice.”Someone tapped on the glass outside. Marianne did not dare to look. Her heart skipped a beat. “Oh, amazing! Can I—”“This bodice is made of the finest silica mined from the Quasar Fashion mines in the Kuiper Belt. Its conductive properties are perfect for holographic displays that can be shared via RedTooth.”“That’s amazing, now can I please try one on? Like, now?”But it was too late. The doors of the store were slammed open. The police officer came in. Marianne immediately tried to hide behind the salesperson.“You there, stop!” the officer shouted. “Stop!”The salesperson raised their arms in the air and sidestepped, revealing Marianne. Marianne tried to run toward the door, but it was blocked by two officers. The officers surrounded her. Marianne had nowhere to go, nowhere to run, nowhere to escape. She closed her eyes and tossed and turned and—She awoke. The bright lights of the laboratory blinded her. She saw the people looking at her from the glass outside the room. As she sat up, she saw Dr. Cruz.“Well?” said the doctor, who was adjusting weird instruments that were connected to Marianne’s head. “Did you bring anything back?”Marianne was not yet in her senses. “Back? Back where?”“The present. Did you get anything?”“Anything?”“Proof.”“Proof?” Marianne looked around. She was attached to a machine.“Information that proves that you really went to the future in your dream!”And then it her. The experiment with Doctor Cruz, of course! The whole world was watching. But now that she recalled the dream, Marianne was terrified to remember that she never reached the science building. She failed to recover any equations or scientific data that would conclusively prove—but wait!“I knew this was a big waste of time,” said the Doctor.“No wait!” Marianne begged. Of course, she had brought information. And not only that, she could lay claim to starting an awesome fashion brand! “Quasar Fashion mines in the Kuiper Belt. Year 2082 A.D.”
As Riley stepped through the front doors her body felt as if it had been smothered in a thick woolen blanket. It was a stark contrast from the frigid air-conditioned environment in which she had just spent the last eight hours. Nearly every day she went from having to bundle up at her desk to keep warm, to then going outside where a moment of respite from the chilly air was replaced by an overwhelming urge to strip down to nothing before her sweat laminated her clothing to her skin.Not only that, but her company’s parking lot offered very little in terms of shade. This meant that by the end of the day, her car was usually a sweltering inferno waiting to bake her during the drive home. Her car’s air conditioning worked of course, but by the time it actually started to pump out cool air, she was already pulling into her usual parking stall near the back entrance of her apartment building.. She almost never waited for the car to cool down completely before driving. After busy days like today, Riley just didn’t want to linger at the office any longer than she needed to. When she arrived home and took the key out of the ignition, her shirt had a sweat-darkened imprint in the shape of where her shoulders had been resting against the seat.Drained from the long work day and feeling more or less like a boiled egg, the moment the front door of her apartment closed behind her, Riley stripped off her work shirt, slacks, socks - all but her underwear - tossing them to a heap on the floor, then collapsed face first into the couch for a little nap. Within seconds of her face touching the seat cushion, Riley was out cold. Oddly enough, shortly after closing her eyes - what seemed like only seconds- Riley felt her mind becoming alert again. Her little nap, having lasted at most a couple of minutes, was over.Without opening her eyes, Riley sat up, grasping her hands together and stretched them as high as they would go to the ceiling while letting out a huge yawn. When she did finally open her eyes, she let out a startled gasp. She had no idea where she was. There had been nights in the past, especially after she’d moved into her apartment, where she would wake up in the middle of the night not knowing where she was, but after a few moments of confusion would eventually recall what room she was in and how she’d gotten there. This, however, was different. From the stray beams of sunlight that slipped through the cracks of the shades into the dim room, nothing around her looked familiar; she was in someone else’s house!Stranger yet, it also felt like Riley wasn’t even in full control of her body. Her first reaction was to jump up, to look around the room and to check outside the door to see if she could make an exit without anyone seeing her. But she couldn’t move, at least not in the ways that she was wanting. It was as if she were behind the wheel of her own body, but someone else was somehow driving and Riley was just along for the ride.Eventually she did stand up, though not quite as frantically as she was trying to will her legs to do. She walked casually, or maybe groggily, over to the window. Her hand lifted up and hovered flat in front of a silver crystal panel on the wall. Blue lights sparkled in the shape of her fingers on the panel. It was weird. In the dimly lit room, Riley could have sworn that her fingers looked a little wider than normal and that her fingernails were longer and narrower, almost resembling claws. Simultaneously as the blue lights sparkled, the thin white metal strips that shaded the window started to raise up like a garage door. As they rose, sunlight slowly burst into the room filling every corner.Riley looked out the window hoping to get at least an idea of where she might be, but what she saw wasn’t any help at all. The view out the window appeared to be some sort of suburban sprawl, though the houses weren’t as tightly packed as they had been in the neighborhood where she’d grown up. She also didn’t recognize the architecture of the houses either. In some ways they resembled Native American adobes except that all of the corners were rounded out and instead of being earth-toned, the houses were all painted the same pale white. Even the wildlife gave little clue to her location. Riley didn’t know much about plants but some of them reminded her of the cacti, succulents and drought-resistant plants she remembered seeing on a trip through Arizona.It was then that Riley got a look at the sun and had to stop and think for a moment. Perhaps she had never really looked at the sun before, or at the very least had never considered how big it appeared in the sky. But somehow at that moment it seemed larger, not by huge margins but certainly larger in the sky than she had ever remembered seeing it.Suddenly, from beneath her feet, Riley could feel a slowly growing tremor, one that grew in intensity until there was a steady rumbling noise through out the house. Objects all over the room started to rattle against the walls. Books, papers and other objects were thrown off of the shelves of a recessed wall. The window shook so furiously that the glass shattered down onto the ground. Riley was terrified. She had never been around during an earthquake before and didn’t know what to do. Her body, however, leapt immediately for the doorway to get out of the room. The rumbling had grown so fierce though, that it was difficult to stay on her feet. During one particularly strong tremor, Riley was thrown off balance and her head slammed down hard into the wall next to the door. The pain was excruciating and she could feel blood starting to creep down her forehead. She sank down to her knees, wobbling from side to side. Riley was slowly losing consciousness, however before dropping completely to the ground she caught a quick glance at her reflection in the wall mounted mirror. The face that looked back at her was not her own. Its’ skin was gray and roughly textured like a shark’s and instead of a nose, there was a flat patch of skin with two slits for nostrils. Finally there were two little black beady eyes staring back at her, one on each side of its’ face, like a lizard. Then she was gone.Moments later, Riley jolted awake. The living room was near pitch black except for a few stray glints of light that stole through her window from the floodlights that lit up the parking lot outside. Riley wasn’t sure how long she had been asleep, but it had been a little longer than she had meant to be. She rolled off of the couch onto the carpet and crawled her way over to the pile of clothes she had left on the floor to look for her pants. Digging her hand into her pocket, she pulled out her phone and tapped the screen. 9:45. Riley sighed. It was almost ten o’clock, which was usually when she started getting ready for bed. She’d managed to sleep through her entire evening.Riley stood up, stretching her arms to the ceiling while yawning, then walked into the kitchen to make a quick dinner before going to bed. Despite her three hour-long nap, Riley still felt exhausted, and her head was starting to pang with the beginnings of a headache. Oddly enough, her head was throbbing the worst on the front part of her scalp, the place where she had slammed into the wall in the dream. It was crazy how real the dream had seemed to her. “Lizard face” she thought, and chuckled. She grimaced and put her hand to her head. Laughing had caused her head to throb more.Am I dehydrated? she wondered. Did I lay on my head at a weird angle or something?After prepping a quick PB&J sandwich and a glass of almond milk, Riley carried her plate and glass into the bathroom and set them down on the counter. She reached into the cabinet and took out a bottle of Tylenol PM, tapping two clear blue tablets out onto her plate. After returning the bottle to the cabinet, she took up her plate and glass and walked back to the living room to eat on the couch. Riley flipped on the TV and watched a couple minutes of a home makeover show as she munched down the sandwich. When she finished her meal, she popped both pills into her mouth and used the remainder of the milk to swallow them down in one gulp.Too tired to walk her dishes to the kitchen and eager to go back to sleep, she left the plate and glass on the coffee table for the morning and turned off the TV. She was starting to feel drowsy again. Riley went into the bathroom to brush her teeth, then turned off the lights and jumped into bed. Within minutes of her head hitting the pillow Riley was fast asleep.But not for long. All of a sudden her sleep was interrupted by a tremor that shook the ground beneath her and a rumbling that sounded like a train passing by right outside her window. Her eyes whipped open only to find that she wasn’t in her room, her bed, or even her apartment anymore. She was back in the dream from earlier, only this time she was running along the street with a large bag slung over her shoulder and it was hot. The air around her smothered like an oppressive sauna and was rich with the acrid aroma of smoke and sulfur. Each breath she took burned her lungs, making her hack and cough. Tears were forming in her eyes and she didn’t need a mirror to know that they were red and swollen.Up above her, the skies were angry with shuffling dark gray and yellow clouds and intermittent lightning strikes off in the distance. It wasn’t clear how she knew this, but somehow Riley understood that these weren’t regular rain clouds, but instead noxious blankets of smoke filled with carbon and sulphur dioxides. She also knew that these gases had been building up slowly ever since the mega eruption a month ago, choking off the once clear blue skies and initiating a runaway greenhouse effect. Temperatures soared, baking the inhabitants and killing off the flora and fauna. Soon, following a series of smaller volcanic eruptions all over the planet, there was nothing to be seen up above except for a dense sheet of yellowish gray. Even the sun had difficulty penetrating through the dark clouds, only managing a faint glimmer in the sky, a mirage. There were others with her, all of them frantically running through the streets, trying to make it to the transport before it left the ground. The transport would never be able to carry all of the people racing towards it, not even a fraction of them, but they ran to it anyways, their last ditch hope to escape the planet. She could already see it from where she stood, though it was hazy off in the distance through the thick layers of smoke all around her. Hundreds of lizard faced people gathered around the outside gates that surrounded the launch site. Riley was starting to think that whoever or whatever the creature was whose body she inhabited must be able to lend its’ knowledge to her somehow. She knew that the transport had not been intended to act as an emergency conveyance at all, but had originally been constructed to carry a select crew off into space to visit a nearby planet that had reached a level of habitability suited to their needs. It was this crew’s mission, if possible, to terraform the planet and one day, perhaps in the near future, make it suitable for colonization. This mission was intensified by the growing instability of their own planet. Seismologists had been detecting growing pressure beneath the tectonic plates for years. Earthquakes of increasing magnitudes were sprouting up all over the planet devastating populated areas and destroying homes and buildings. They even had reason to believe that this recent seismic activity was a trend, one that was building up to something terrible, but could never have predicted the exact proportions of destruction that were to follow.  The explosion from the mega eruption had been so powerful that it had actually knocked the planet out of its’ tilt, altering its’ normal rotation. Tremors from the blast could be felt on the opposite side of the world. Whether from the initial explosion or the aftershocks that followed, anything within hundreds of miles of the blast radius was immediately decimated. Entire countries were wiped off of the surface of the planet, replaced by a massive pockmark that would soon to be an ocean of lava. And instead of relieving the massive pressure beneath the crust, it let loose the flood gates triggering a whole series of volcanic activity across the globe. It soon became clear that the colonization of the nearby planet would not be the salvation for those that still lived on their planet now, but was perhaps the last hope of continuing their species on another world.Out of breath, Riley finally reached the swarms of people surrounding the launch area. She had to force her way through the crowds, often shoving people down or out of the way to get to the main gate. Guards, outnumbered ten to one, were on station manning the security gates to prevent people from over-rushing the launch pad and keeping the transport from leaving. The only people allowed through the main gate were those that were able to provide credentials proving their involvement in the terraforming team. Riley pushed her way past the final row of people surrounding gate and dug into her pocket, pulling out a small laminated pass and presenting it to the guard. He studied it carefully, comparing the image on the card to her face, then allowed her to pass. As she did so, people shouted angrily from behind her demanding to be let through themselves. Someone must have tried to muscle their way past the guard because the next thing she heard beside the rapid discharge of a firearm was the sound of a body collapsing to the ground along with the discordant screams of terrified people.Once through the gate, a guard guided her by the arm along a platform and seated her in the bed of a rover along with five other people. When all six passengers were secured the rover took off towards the launch site. Riley looked back at the mass of lizard faced people gathered along the gates and felt a crippling wave of guilt knowing that everyone of them would soon be dead while she and the members of her team would escape and start a brand new life on a new planet. The funny thing was that the science team wasn’t even entirely sure that the planet could be colonized; they could very well be on a one way trip towards a doom all their own.The rover came to an abrupt stop beneath the transport and all six passengers stepped out onto the metal scaffolding. One crew member held his thick, lizard claw up to a crystal panel and a cargo door rotated down from the bottom of the transport to allow them entry. They each rushed into the vessel to take their positions. Riley sat down at a computer station just outside the cockpit area of the craft. Her claws started tapping furiously at buttons on the control panel bringing her computer screen to life as it displayed various data, all in a language completely foreign to Riley. When her claw pushed another button, the data was replaced by an image that took Riley’s breath away. It was a color display of a terrestrial planet, one primarily filled with blue oceans that were broken up by several large green land masses, above which swirled white puffs of clouds. Beside this planet rotated a single moon roughly a fourth the size of the planet itself. Earth. The planet that these creatures intended to colonize was Earth. What Riley didn’t understand, or at least not yet, was what planet these creatures originated from.The pilot shouted something to the crew, something Riley couldn’t understand but knew meant to prepare for liftoff. There was rumbling beneath the craft, a rumbling Riley really hoped was the engine preparing to liftoff and not the beginning of another earthquake. Suddenly the craft was propelling upwards. Riley was forced backwards into her seat and could really feel the g-force acting upon her, preventing her from even lifting her head. It almost made her feel sick. Looking out the window, she could see the vessel piercing through the sky entering into the vacuum of space. Before they had successfully cleared the planet, however, Riley heard a distant explosion from the surface. Another mega eruption had spouted up close to their launch site and the shockwave was rushing quickly towards them. The impact was immediate and devastating. It slammed the craft, launching it spinning away from the planet. Riley’s head smashed into her computer screen, cracking it. Her crew-mates were all shouting. Out the window she caught a quick glimpse of the glowing yellow planet before passing out. When Riley woke that morning, she wondered if they had made it.
James Griffin bolted up in bed, the veins in his forehead throbbing with each rapid beat of his heart. Sweat poured from his scalp as he fought to bring his screaming mind back into focus.The chair in the corner. The window by the bed, its curtains waving gracefully with the steady hum of the A/C unit. The door to the hallway standing ajar just enough to let in the light from the bathroom.James fumbled around the bedside table for his phone and shrank back when its bright screen attacked his sleepy vision. After a few moments of rubbing his eyes, he could see the beautiful, smiling woman on his home screen, seated underneath the bold, white numbers “3:16”.He quickly accessed his call log and tapped the most recent number.Ring.No answer.Ring.“Come on, come on, pick up!”Ring.“H-h-hello?” a groggy voice answered.“Petey?”“J-j-immy? What the - Jimmy, it’s 3 in the morning.”“I had the dream again, Petey.”“Awww, geez,” Petey replied sympathetically. “All right, man. Meet me for lunch today at the little bistro down on Main. Twelve o’clock. In the meantime, try to get some sleep.”The sky was turning a dark, ominous gray as James sat just inside Hattie’s Hometown Bistro around noon. He turned his coffee mug slowly in his hands, the sounds and smells from the cafe triggering a cascade of memories that came flooding back.He looked at his friend across the table with a silent, earnest plea. Peter Stanton had been his best friend for over 30 years and was perhaps one of the smartest, funniest and most honest people he had ever known. James knew that no matter what, Peter would tell it like it is.“Angela’s not coming back, Jimmy.”James lowered his gaze to his untouched sandwich.“No, no,” he whispered, shaking his head in defiance. “You don’t understand. You haven’t seen the dream...the nightmare. It’s connected somehow, I know it.”“Right,” Pete replied with a sigh. “The interdimensional portal theory. I told you, you write too many fantasy novels.”“But if Angela…”“Look, we’ve been over this. If my fifteen years on the force has taught me anything, it’s how to tell when someone leaves a relationship. JImmy, Angela left you.”“And all of her stuff, too?”Pete sighed.James knew he had him in a stalemate. He couldn’t prove that his dreams were visions of portals to other dimensions, but Pete couldn’t explain why a woman who leaves a man would sacrifice all of her belongings to start a new life elsewhere.“I just…” he continued, “I just wish there was some way I could show you what frightens me awake every night. You would be convinced.”Pete looked at his friend’s pleading gaze as he produced his wallet. He laid his debit card on the table with the check, then pulled out a business card and handed it to James.“ ‘Dr. Charles Hartmann, M.D., Ph. D. Freudian Psychiatry,’ “ he read, staring at Pete in disbelief. “You think I’m crazy.”“Stressed would be a better word for it. Grieving, confused, distraught, but not crazy. Dr. Hartmann can help you process the pain and find your way through this. Trust me.”“Have you ever gone to him?”“Are you kidding?” Pete asked sarcastically. “After everything I’ve seen on the force? If I hadn’t gone to him I would have put a police issue Magnum in my mouth years ago. Jimmy, let him help you let go.”James walked into Dr. Hartmann’s office the following morning, cheerfully greeted by a blond receptionist with a toothy grin. She handed him a clipboard and pen, watching his every move as he sat and filled out his pertinent info.When he returned to the window, she met his depressed gaze with sparkling blue eyes that peered over her thin-rimmed glasses, ignoring anything he had just written on the form.“Dr. Hartmann will be with you shortly,” she said, sounding a bit like a schoolgirl at recess. “I’m Marie. Let me know if you need anything.”“Thank you, Marie.”“And by the way, I just loved your recent novel, ‘The Morpheus Gate’.”“It’s always nice to meet a fan,” he thanked her with a half-hearted smile.The door to Dr. Hartmann’s office opened and out stepped a middle-aged man with salt-and-pepper hair. He wore a brown cardigan with elbow patches and denim jeans that barely touched the tops of his white sneakers.“You must be James Griffin,” he beamed as he stretched out his hand. “Pete Stanton said you might be dropping by. Come on in and get comfy.”The office was warmly lit by a crackling fireplace on the far wall. James thought the room looked more like a cozy den than a psychiatrist’s office. There were two velvet recliners and a soft leather sofa surrounding an oval coffee table filled with magazines on everything from hunting to robotics. James took a seat in one of the chairs and grabbed the latest issue of Science Weekly when something familiar caught his eyes.One whole shelf of Dr. Hartmann’s built-in bookcase was full of his fantasy novels. He studied them for a moment, and realized they were all there. “Genesis Rising”, “The Fall of Syncronax”, the entire “Dark Sun Chronicles” series.“Apparently Marie out there isn’t the only fan,” he said in amazement.Dr. Hartmann chuckled.“I happen to be a huge fantasy fan, and I find your books intriguing. Especially your latest, which I believe is the subject of our session today, is it not?”“What do you mean?”“ ‘The Morpheus Gate’ is more than a novel, isn’t it?” Hartmann probed. “In fact, I would say it’s more autobiographical in nature.”“Listen,” James seethed, frustrated. “I know Pete put you up to this, so if you’re just going to joke around and be condescending…”“I assure you, I’m not joking,” the doctor explained, a pained expression forming on his face. “I’ve experienced it as well.”He arose from his desk and grabbed the fire poker from its cradle.“Seven years ago,” Hartmann continued, “I began having strange dreams - actually, one dream over and over. My wife and kids were standing on a rocky cliff, although other-worldly. The stones below them were continuing to slip and slide while a dark form was creeping up behind them, forcing them closer to the edge. And they were all screaming for me to save them.“The first time it happened, my wife and kids had disappeared. I filed missing persons reports, went out on hundreds of search parties, but never came up with even the slightest trace. I began to interpret the dream psychoanalytically. The Darkness was symbolic of my work slowly killing my family and I needed to slow down and love them more. But after awhile, I knew.”“They were in an alternate dimension,” James added, “pursued by the Darkness.”Dr. Hartmann nodded silently.“And if I’m not mistaken, something similar has happened to your loved one.”“Angela,” James answered. “Every time, she is being held captive in a cage in a dark dungeon, calling my name and begging me to rescue her. Then I wake up and she’s not laying beside me, and I can’t do anything about it.”“Until now,” Dr. Hartmann replied.James wore a puzzled expression as the doctor returned to his desk and shuffled around in the drawer. After a couple minutes, he produced a long set of colored wires with white diodes at one end. On the other was an ordinary set of television cables.“I’m not only a psychiatrist,” he explained. “I’m also somewhat of an engineer. And when I read your novel about interdimensional gateways being opened in someone’s dreams, it confirmed my theories about my own. So I set to work inventing this.”He quickly plugged the cables into his TV set on the wall and attached the diodes to James’ forehead. He then picked up a remote device and began pressing buttons.“This device is a neural stimulator. It will trigger the beta waves in your brain as if you were having your dream, but you will be fully awake. The neural impulses will then be transferred into the television where we will have full control over them and - in theory - they will be projected into the room. All that will be left is to rescue Angela from the Darkness.”James nodded his head as Dr. Hartmann began to activate his brain’s dream patterns. At first there were only slight flashes of light, pink and green hues scattered sporadically about the room. Then the colors began to grow larger and move in circular patterns. Within a few moments, a giant spectrum of color was swirling around in the middle of the room.After another minute, a picture began to form in the swirl, and James could make out the silhouette of a giant cage with something moving inside of it. Then the thing took the shape of woman, and the screams began.“Jimmy! Jimmy! Please help me! Oh, God, Jimmy, please help me.”James had heard enough.“Is the gateway stable, Doctor?”Hartmann nodded his head with confidence and removed the diodes from his patient’s forehead.“The TV is powering it now,” he confirmed. “Go get your wife.”Without hesitation, James jumped through the portal and into the dark dungeon that held Angela.“Jimmy? Jimmy, baby, you found me!”James quickly broke the lock on the cage and pulled his wife to freedom. Together, they quickly stepped back through the gateway into Dr. Hartmann’s office and fell onto the floor.“Shut it down!” James yelled. “Shut it down now!”Hartmann pressed a button on the device and the swirling portal immediately vanished.“Doctor, it worked! You did it! You’re a genius! Quick, let’s get you hooked up to it and get your family back, too.”Hartmann shook his head silently.“No,” he whispered sadly. “No, James. My dream stopped over two years ago; my family’s screams have been replaced with silence.”James thanked him again and led Angela out into a bright, sunny day, holding her close.The Morpheus Gate has remained closed ever since.
Wisps of blonde hair fall past my ears as I begin shaving. My skinny body is but a silhouette in the steamy bathroom. Only the white tiled floor is allowed sharp definition. My face appears sucked in. My skin is thinning and beginning to wrinkle. I really need to start eating more. A sting cancels my self critique.After cutting myself, I pull the razor from a half manicured chin and watch a small stream of blood cut through the moisture in the air. Tears stab into my dilated pupils as the pain subsides. I reach for some toilet paper, still inspecting the appearance of my shallow face, hypnotized by what I see.  It has been a while since I have thought of myself as a physical being. Something has separated me from this world. Discovery can be a disease when moderation diminishes. The imagination cannot be measured, and a record of it reflects eternal life.Over a decade of my life has been devoted to my research. A typical day holds 15 hours of flipping through hundreds of journals, scouring pages and pages of hard data. The octaves and symbols of mathematical expression is all I see. There’s a reason we are called armchair scientists. We exist through a calculator and pen.My physical existence is a cheap motel, but I’m not quite sure why I'm still here. Bang. I am startled by the hard crash on the door. Lying on my stomach, I hide on the floor opposite the bed frame. White-knuckled fists clench brown shag carpet. Bang, bang, bang. The pounding rattles the stainless door chain.Pound, pound, pound. It grows louder and I can feel my heart beating in my temples. I take a half lung full of air and remember the door is unlocked. The door handle rattles as if something was blocking entrance. Suddenly, everything becomes silent. Opening my eyelids is a calculated risk. My sweaty forehead drips sweat over my eyes and I look with hesitation. Fearfully crawling to the doorframe I inch my way to peak out. Left then right. Shadows and flies appeared to be the only activity in the vacant parking lot. I see no one. Convincing myself that the episode meant nothing, I lock the door and again close my eyes. This horror is the result of my research of the Apollo missions. Sometimes I had a tendency to dig too deep, which is why I was boycotted from ever getting tenure at Reed College. It has driven me mad, but what I found was beyond scandal.There were six separate visits to the Moon by different United States astronauts from 1969 to 1972. Six explorations within three years and none proved to be truly successful. For decades, man had longed to walk on the moon. Nobody realized that, for millenniums, the moon was staring right back at us. Studying us. Anticipating when we might advance. Finally we did. The conclusions gathered were staggering, and our government denies them to this day. Right in the heart of that celestial globe staring at us each and every night lies truths they tried to keep hidden.All samples gathered in those explorations dated over 4.5 billion years. Conclusion; the moon is far older than earth. In fact, the moon is nearly as old as our solar system. Conclusion; the moon came into being far earlier than earth. The discoveries did not stop there. We had a specimen of time right at our fingertips.The Apollo missions carried seismograph equipment placed at six different test sites. The equipment detected over 3000 consistent moonquakes measured from deep within the moon’s sheltered core. Conclusion; there is something artificial constructed beneath the surface of the moon that produces a repetitive seismic result.On June 18, 1971 a large meteor struck the surface of the moon delivering an equivalent force of 300 tons of TNT. Oddly, no shockwaves returned to the surface. Conclusion; something within the moon makes it unique, almost eerie. Perhaps, extraterrestrial.  Results gathered and compiled during the Spring of 1972 revealed that the surface of the moon is composed of compressed metals bearing mica, brass, pure titanium and rust-proof iron particles. Conclusion; iron that does not rust is far beyond our technology. Some thing, perhaps things occupy the planetary mass, possibly more dangerous than we could ever imagine.It’s not merely paranoia that brought me here. They find me everywhere I go. Tonight was another threat. Just as the acceleration propels my vehicle forward - heading towards I-205 overpass, an explosion comes from behind and the back of my window shatters. I try and get a glimpse of whoever, or whatever, is behind me but the windows are tinted black. A leather glove reaches out of the driver side to again fire. Pop, pop, pop. One of my tires goes out. The screech and metallic grind of my car loosing control is the last thing I remember. A chilling stillness took hold of my flesh. The warmth of adrenaline is suffocated under swirling darkness. Vivid city rays refract on a black glass river and I can no longer breathe.—Eventually, light reaches my eyes. A translucent curtain floats before my face. There is a small opening to a cave that I somehow approach without sensation to my legs. My cold hand covers a glowing LED pad hovering in the darkness. Beep, beep. “Access granted,” says a strange voice. A door to somewhere opens and I find my limp body falling from my car. Sirens light the night sky. Pistols are cocked and ready to fire. This will happen to you if you know too much. I don’t wait for their fire. This is the final move. After this there is nothing else. Sparks and smoke accompany falling shells until the final… Click, click, click.—I’m now positive. This is Hell. I feel metal shackles around my waist. This time, I awake to other humans. They’ve found me, I think. I can’t quite see them because I am blinded by a harsh light. I sense that they are in the middle of something. Whatever it is, they pay no attention to me waking.A wet needle is flicked. Small droplets splash my lashes. A burning pain throttles my lips. My mouth has been sewn together. My face throbs. Blood leaks down my cheeks. Pressure. A needle enters my neck. Slowly, objects begin to appear in focus. I lift my head. My legs are gone. Panic. A tear falls down my cheek. The sight is horrifying. My lower half is spliced about the table. Beyond panic. Hysteria.Beep, beep, beep.An alarm sounds. I continue looking at the bloody mess scattered below. I rip through the stitching in my lips to scream. Swirling bolts position my head. My spine is locked. Frozen.A buzzing drill is set at my forehead. It whirls closer and closer. Penetration. The sharp worm burrows through my skull. Blood splatters my view. The world once again begins to evaporate. I fade from consciousness. This is my worst nightmare.}
She missed his warmth. Her days consisted of cold floors, cleaning and dancing around the masters’ feet. The saving grace was that she at least had the illustrious view of his posing figure, standing tall, in the center of all things, offering fresh cooked meals to the masters and their guests. It filled her with comfort, seeing him there, but it was not the same thermal river that swam through her as when they were alone, together.When things became quiet, when the time for sleep finally came, she would be rejoined with him. Though separated by unforgiving physical barriers, she would find him in their dreams. There they could embrace one another in thermionic hallucinations, so fleeting, yet so material. These were the dreams she never fought to remember once she awoke. The dreams stayed with her every second of each day, giving her hope while she swept granules of sand and dirt off the kitchen's floor; a grey tile that had begun to crack and splinter into asymmetric geometries over the years. Excuse me. Pardon me.She would think to herself, never daring to address a master or their guest directly. The voice was small and displaced, even in her head, as she tried not to get kicked or stepped on while searching the ground feverishly for dust bunnies.  Come to think of it, she didn’t actually know what would happen had she spoken out. She had never heard of a servant speaking directly to a master, except for one. The one they called by name, not by function, barking orders to relay the masters’ commands to the lowly workers scattered within the mansion. She let her mind wander on the possibilities for a moment, eventually landing on the inevitability of being beaten and thrown out like garbage with next week’s waste pick-up.He was blind, her love, the poor servant was born without the means to visually interpret the universe around him. She had heard stories that all of his kind were brought to life that way, as if by some cruel, grand design. A power, higher than she understood, neglected to see the wisdom in offering sight to all creations and instead chose only what was necessary for the masters' conveniences. She was ever enthralled by his majesty, despite his handicap. To stand so poised and distinguished; the brushed silver of his armor plating flaunting his sturdy strength, the sleek black accents adding a flare of aesthetics to a humble servant's design. He never waivered, never fell behind in his responsibilities. Even when the masters' guests outnumbered every servant in the residence, he stayed true to form and delivered masterpiece after masterpiece, until he was finally dismissed to join her in a late night's fantasy. Tonight, like every night, she awaited anxiously, searching through the noise generated from others in the cerebral source, until she could find his signal. A disruption in the protocol, no more than a small vibration of repeated numerical patterns, designating his location.Navigating through the web of other dreamers, she weaved along the strings of stranger connections. Gently maneuvering along the routed network, she saw glimpses of secrets the others in the house held, as she progressed towards her one-and-only. Brushing away a sleek silvery strand that stretched out in her way, she was welcomed into the minds of the house’s dish washer pool cleaner. Startled, she pulled back before she was shown anything too revealing. She took care to avoid future physical contact with the maze that lay before her. Countless bonds, each unique like her own, endlessly intertwined. She wondered if they would ever be free to live among the masters, indulging in life's most basic rewards.In the distance, just above the crest of the horizon, she could see him. A small radiant ball of red, glowing alone.“Hello?” she called out, “Are you there?”She had never received a reply before, but she hoped that it offered reassurance during his lonesome arrival, like a heavy blanket to calm the nerves on a cold winter’s day.“I’ve missed you”She liked the sound of her voice in this place. It was more her own, carrying a melodic grace that some would aim to emulate. She liked to consider this her true self, that this was the real world. The working world was the dream, a never-ending nightmare where she was trapped. Her body, covered in so many tightly fit layers, pandered towards to the masters’ tastes but never felt tied to her own identity. Here she was free. Here she could wander, explore, make her own decisions, and most importantly, be with him.She didn't know how long they would have tonight, she never knew how soon the masters' would demand her service and force her out of her slumber. All too often the masters worked them in staggered shifts, denying her the recharge with him she so desperately craved.She wondered if he could see her light like she could see his. He may not have eyes in the corporeal world, but what did that mean for his senses here in the fantasy realm? She could only hope, as she does when she calls out for him in the dark.As she neared, his glow painted her in a sun colored orange and her anxiety was replaced with the comfort of being home. He opened himself to her, his orange aura turning to a fire red at his center. Eagerly, she collapsed into his radiant warmth, letting every single concern melt away.The master, a tall man with deep brown hair and wearing a loosely fitting robe, strolled through the now empty kitchen. Moonlight and black filling the spaces as his eyes scanned over the marbled counters. His gaze lingered on the wall with a built-in oven, surrounded by cabinetry, and the disc-shaped vacuum cleaner in a corner under the bay window. Each flashing a crisp blue light, synchronized in unison. The master took one more pass across the room, then glanced closer at a small view panel next to the blinking sapphire and read:"STATUS: Connection to router -> LINKED"
Sarah was exhausted and lay down in bed, tired, weary, and spent with pulling staples from the wooden boards most of the day. As she tried to relax, she couldn’t help but think of how different her life would be if her and Ed had chosen the beach front condo instead. They could be enjoying cool breezes and warm sunshine year-round with zero maintenance on their part. Sarah’s husband Ed had been harboring this deep yearning to buy a grand old Victorian mansion. After years of convincing Sarah that he could refurbish an old mansion and flip it, making them financially secure, she finally conceded. They sold their little cottage and purchased a gothic Victorian fixer-upper that needed a helluva lot of TLC. Built in 1790 on a secluded lot, the home consisted of 5,000 square ft. with garrets, turrets, dormers, and wide wrap-around porches. There were several small rooms with irregular walls. In the back was a run-down stable that also needed a lot of work. Another small structure, away from the house showed extensive fire damage. Though ornate and charming even in its dilapidated condition, Sarah was hard pressed to find the motivation that Ed was bursting with to undertake this gigantic project. All in all, it had character, but after three months of toiling, Sarah could not see the light at the end of the tunnel. Her love for Ed kept her going but she was reaching the end of her tether. She wished they could hire a couple people to help them so they could expedite the renovation process and list it for sale as soon as possible. This would allow them to move on to that chic condo she so desired.  Sarah fell into a hypnagogic state as she imagined herself sunbathing in the warm rays by the Ocean.Sarah was walking by one of the small dark rooms and noticed the little spider plant that was placed in the windowsill had dropped to the floor. She entered the room to retrieve it, as she grasped the fallen roots, the plant grabbed both of her hands and she felt powerless. She tried to free herself but lacked the strength to do so. She looked up helplessly and her gaze fell upon a creeper of flowers on the wall that started singing like a chorus in a hypnotic fashion and lured her into submission. A white stallion approached and whisked her off into an abyss. With a pounding heart, Sarah noticed that they were approaching a vast terrain with rock like formations and no vegetation. There were a few structures that looked like tall skinny ghosts, white and eerie, with little cutouts that looked like eyes, but no one in sight. The dark ominous sky above was a stark contrast to the pale stone below. There was not a soul to be seen as they rode deeper and deeper into this vast nothingness. The horse was galloping with a mission, steady and determined. Although the moon was not visible, yet the horse could clearly see his way and galloped with an uncanny confidence.  Suddenly, Sarah found herself on the harsh cold stone below and the white stallion morphed into an old man with flowing white hair and a long beard. His dark eyes beckoned her attention in a compelling, commanding way.  Although shocked by this transformation, Sarah felt no fear. She looked at this man from head to toe, sensing some familiarity. Where had she seen him before? He did not resemble anyone she knew, yet she felt she knew him. He did not utter a single word; he locked his eyes in her gaze and seemed to communicate in this fashion. Sarah felt paralyzed, there was a powerful silence.The silence was broken by a thunderous sound in the skies above, caused by lightning like waves of lines in vertical and zig-zig shapes which illuminated the dark space. The seer then handed Sarah an antique looking brown package. When Sarah unwrapped the brown package, there was a peculiar contraption which roughly resembled a pendulum. There were two parallel wooden hangars with a column in between filled with blue turquoise stones. The turquoise stones glittered when a candle-like flame arose from the center, pointing up and the seer smiled his approval. With a slight of hand, the seer turned the flame into a blaze of fire in which Sarah was stunned to see an image of her likeness seated in a chair with hair piled high in a small top knot and pince-nez glasses. She was dressed in period clothing with a handmade shawl thrown over her shoulders and appeared to be from another era.  There was something intriguing about this extraordinary vision.  This lady appeared to be middle aged and sat facing a half-painted canvas that was propped by an archaic looking easel made of wood and metal. The painting depicted figures of birds which seemed to be flying in all directions as if they were searching for something. Sarah was transfixed by this remarkable picture. As she was wondering what all this meant, the seer had a knowing look on his face.  Dramatically, the fire expanded around and engulfed this lady who turned into ashes much to Sarah’s horror. She felt a lump in her throat and looked at the seer who seemed to convey that the past of Sarah’s cords was tied behind her, in the very home she now inhabited.Sarah awoke the next morning feeling exhilarated. The realization dawned on her that she was called to this home for a specific reason. This was her home, there were some tasks that were left unfinished. She would have to convince Ed about her status change, this was not a home to be flipped anymore, rather an heirloom to be handed down to the generations. There was a bounce in her step and a new vigor to her body. As she dressed for another hard day at work, she was now more determined that she had ever been to restore this mansion to its former glory and finish her mission for this lifetime.   
This is my worst nightmare.’ Thought captain Roscoe Waterson. He was willing to go down with the ship but losing the lives of his crew had always been his greatest fear. And now, it seemed like that was about to happen.Another blast shook the 60-foot spacecraft. Through the curvature of his windshield, he saw another two dozen scraps of metal explode off the left side in a puff of silver and yellow glitter. Before looking forward again, his eyes lingered on his co-pilot, slumped in the seat next to him. His head was cocked at a grotesque, unnatural angle. The dead man had been like a brother for over twenty years. They met during their Galaxy United Academy classes and later flown over 49 missions together. On this mission, besides himself and his co-pilot, Philemon were: First Officer Samara Singh, Second Officer Salvator ‘Suey’ Mickelson, Doctor Marcella Rose-Ann Smith, and Flight Engineer Barnaby John Berry.The first violent assault had shaken the ship like a snow globe, suddenly, without warning. Another blast from the sleek gray-green ship behind him rocked his battered vessel. The attacking ship had impressive fire power and bristled with laser turrets. It was entirely, frustratingly, superior to his own. With no response from Mickelson, being able to return fire from his position was a no-go.The heart-wrenching screams from the cabin behind him petered out. A woman moaned. ‘Marcella?’ He heard labored breathing- the shuddering sound of someone inhaling and exhaling thick, watery jelly. “SINGH!” He shouted. No answer, just the breathing- Darth Vader under water. “BERRY!...ANYONE!”‘I should have known. God damnit!’ Becky always told him, “Rossy, just trust your instincts.”   Before he fell into a grief darker than the universe around him, the screen over his head finally came back on line, it flickered like an old-fashioned tv, black and blueish lines roiled down the screen. Desperate for human contact, he jabbed a couple of buttons and swiped an on-screen toggle. A voice struggled through invisible speakers, “Water…bzzzzzzzz..kay? ZZZZZZZ…kikikik…hear me?!” One more adjustment and the screen blipped into focus. It was the head of Galaxy United himself. The handsome chiseled face on the screen was such a welcome sight, Waterson’s eyes blurred. He exhaled a gust of fear infused air, not realizing he’d been holding his breathe. “General Tyson! Everlovin’ Jesus Pants---!”“Waterson! What’s happening man!? Receiving code red!” Tyson’s face on the screen reddened with frustration, his steely blue-grey eyes bulged with stress. His slicked back white hair stood stiffly from his head in tufts as if he’d been pulling it.Waterson shook his head. His blonde hair bristled against the inside dome of his helmet. His wild dark eyes were focused on the General, he willed himself enough calm to find his tongue, hands crazy-glued to the reaction wheel.“Sir. General Sir. The Celestrons! They’re attacking! But I don’t get…they could have blown us to smithereens!”  The screen flickered as another blast assaulted the wounded spaceship. Something ‘pinged’, then ‘hisssssssssss…’Oily charcoal smoke spiraled with white steam behind the listing ship. It dissipated rapidly into the frigid blackness.The screen cleared. And the solid, rocky face of the general was replaced by Lieutenant General Doctor Irving. He was the biggest brain in the laboratory and the main man behind this mission. His sweating face was as puffy and pale as risen pizza dough. Waterson figured he’d not seen the sun in decades, preferring his sterile, cavernous laboratories.Irving said, “The race was peaceful…Their behavior the past three years, studied by experts…by me!”“Yes!” screamed Waterson. “A successful alliance!”“They seem to be playing cat and mouse with you.”Three days before his spacecraft, the Buttercup, was assaulted in deep space, Captain Roscoe Waterson was comfortable in a guest house on the planet of Mooglican.The ship was named by Waterson’s daughter, Everbeen. She was three. Buttercup was her favorite Power Puff Girl. The crew loved the name. It grounded them, reminded them of their other lives at home on earth. Besides, the crew were tight as family. The had crowded into the hospital room the day Ever was born. Each member, an auntie or unkie. The craft was yellow over silver, customized to suit the name. It was a newer, more compact ship than its predecessor of 2084, but with all the options that the old schoolers called ‘bells and whistles.’The ship’s landing on the black, craggy planet had been easy, without any complications. The excited crew of six disembarked, their boots puffed onto a surface that was hard and glassy like obsidian, with rivers of soft silty black sand, sand that much resembled the black volcanic beaches of The Big Island, Hawaii.They had been met by about sixty Celestrons. They were creatures scary in malevolent appearance: four long thin, insectile legs with two upper arms, and long tubular bodies with triangular heads. The eyes were baseball sized, with tiny whirling flickers, like campfire sparks in a wind gust. The head scientist, Dr. Irving, had named them Celestrons because they resembled portable celestial telescopes. Their outer shell was chitinous, shiny black, like that of crickets.The crew of six wore their lightweight gravity suits- white, with reflecting yellow and silver strips down the sleeves and legs. The American flag and Galaxy United logo were embroidered on their chests opposite their names. The wore clear globe helmets.The entire Celestron race was female, they procreated in labs. The tall black leader had come forward, bowed her head, and chirruped. Their legs ended in segmented, four fingered tentacles. With an eerie imitation of human hands, she beckoned the crew to follow her. They did. The Celestron crowd parted, the crew walked/air-bounced through moon-like gravity after the leader. The crowd followed at a respectable distance. They chattered in a clicking, chirping behind them like excited children on a fieldtrip. They sounded like crickets giggling.For the previous three years, Dr. Irving had been communicating with them- studying their language, customs, beliefs, and so forth. He had developed a translator for the crew- it was essentially an iphone type of device, similar to the 2080 version, but with an advanced translator application. Once inside their facilities, they would be able to plug into their master computer and communicate freely. The alien compound was a world on a world. Immense, it was roughly eighteen miles in diameter, with a protective dome like a bubble through which the galaxies were viewed. Individual sleek, stalagmite-type structures rose to the underside of the dome in a thousand places, like giant hill ant hives. A million smaller, dome-topped dwellings mushroomed from the ground, resembling the modernist structures of Japan. They glowed with phosphorescence and flickered with movement. There were thousands of these ‘cities’ encompassing the Mars-sized sphere.Waterson’s crew were led into the dome through a series of air-locked passages that had been constructed specially for the requirements of their human visitors. They emerged into what resembled a space age black Jetson’s-Marriott resort. The Celestrons apparently were impervious to changes in gravity, they needed no alteration in body structure to adjust. The crew, once inside their guest quarters removed their cumbersome helmets cautiously. The air was sweet, with sandy-cinnamon notes. The soft black sand was the source, so the pleasant scent permeated pretty much everything. The warm atmosphere was dialed in for human comfort. The crew shed their spacesuits and relished the spacious interior of the structure.The translator was integrated to a blinking wall of sleek electronics by Samara Singh, Waterson’s officer in charge of communications.Singh gave Waterson the thumbs up after working the miniature keyboard about ten minutes. Waterson clamped on the headphones and adjusted the mouthpiece.The leader’s head extended on a neck that telescoped out a foot. She lifted a foreleg and one of her thin, tentacle-like segmented fingers telescoped out two feet. It plugged into an outlet like an EV charging.Respectfully, Waterson waited for the creature to initiate the two species’ first communications face to face.“Welcome friends from far away.” Surprisingly, the voice was that of the vintage virtual assistant, Alexa.Behind Waterson, his crew clapped and pogoed up and down with happy excitement.Waterson said, “Thank you my friend, for having us as guests to your beautiful planet.”The alien leader seemed pleased and proud. Her thick, tube-like body tilted upwards a foot as if puffing proudly. She now looked down upon Waterson. He was not comfortable in this position and wondered if she had intended it so.He said, “I am Waterson. We call you Celestrons. What are you actually named?”The leader said, “Call me Tan. We are delighted with your name for us.”They conversed two hours. The other five humans sat on tall, comfy motorized roller stools. They watched the historical interaction as if in the front seats of the biggest Oscar ceremony ever. Celestrons did not use chairs, their legs simply telescoped into their bodies; they ‘sat’ opposite their guests, outnumbering them by six times. Again, the subtle shows of domination unnerved the captain. As the Celestrons watched the humans, the ember sparks in their eyes slowly turned crimson, then into a throbbing blood red glow. Smith shivered, gooseflesh rose on her pale, freckled arms. “That’s rather unnerving.” She whispered to Berry, “Don’t you think?” She tucked a long auburn strand behind her ear like she always did when nervous.All the red glows focused her way.Berry bent to her sideways, and whispered back under his thick dark mustache, “Uh, it’s downright creepy.”Shift, eyes on him now.Mickelson, pale, bald and bespeckled, softly went, “Shhhhhhhh! We certainly don’t want to offend them.” The round red glows halved in size as if the creatures were smiling.Singh rolled closer to Smith, put a sisterly arm around her, and stroked the goose pimples down.  Her dark skin and doe-like eyes were a pretty contrast to her shipmate’s features. She whispered, “I totally concur. Creepville, man.”Shift, back to the women.Suddenly the eyes brightened to fun-loving fireflies-in-snow-globes once again.The entire crew breathed a sigh of relief and smiled hesitantly.Waterson was unnerved, it had to be coincidence that the Celestrons’ eyes responded to his crew’s dialogue…as if they understood what they were saying.Over the next three days, the crew took turns communicating with the Celestrons through the translator. They partook in the food at the banquets, though it was often difficult because the food sometimes squirmed on the plate. Once stabbed and still, the food was delicious, like the freshest of sushi. Waterson felt like the adventurous foodie traveler called Bordain his grandparents had watched on their flat screen tv.When the astronauts’ mission was complete, they prepared to leave. Waterson waited for the okay from Berry, the engineer. Mickelson oversaw the re-plenishing of supplies and gave him a thumb’s up when satisfied. Berry approached Waterson, frowning. “What’s wrong?” asked Waterson.“Well, nothing really,” replied Berry. “But while inspecting the outer fuselage door I heard something, from under the ship. There was nothing there. But I felt watched the whole time…”Waterson said, “As much as I enjoy making history and all, I can’t wait to leave. There’s something wrong here I can’t put my finger on.”Berry said, “There’s something else. There are fine scratches on the outer panels beneath the injector rudders, both sides. Very faint. I know they weren’t there three days ago. I inspected thoroughly for entry damage.”‘Thorough’ is your middle name. And you found nothing wrong? Everything ship-shape? Correct?”Berry nodded, “Yes sir. Internally, she’s just like she stepped off the showroom floor.”Waterson smiled. “Let’s hit the sky!”A sea of shiny black Celestrons gathered around The Buttercup, leaving a wide path through their center. The crew boarded, the Celestrons waved their long black insectile arms in a goodbye gesture they had picked up from the humans. Waterson thought to himself, ‘Hope I didn’t pick up any habits of theirs. I’d give Ever nightmares.’“…My reports were accurate…” Waterson continued. “Everything was just as you documented, Dr Irving. We were treated like royal guests…but…”Waterson realized he could no longer hear that awful breathing. Probably for the best.“But what?” asked Dr. Irving. Another blast from the left side. Another spray of spaceship glitter. The jolt so violent the ship rolled like a car off an embankment. Everything electrical buzzed out, including the video monitor.“…but my intuition…” Waterson said quietly to no one at all, before falling unconscious. “I felt they were faking.”Roscoe opened his eyes. He lay in a field of tall grass.  “I dreamed I was in a Hollywood movie…” A song from his grampa’s era played in his head.It was warm and sunny and wonderful. Fat white cotton balls hung in the cerulean sky. Insects chirped nearby- pretty, shiny black crickets. He sat up on his right elbow and saw nothing but grassy rolling hills in all directions. Vivid green and flaxen, dotted with white, pink, and yellow wildflowers, like in The Sound of Music. They were on the top of the tallest hill.Everbeen sat in the grass in front of him. She wore an old-fashioned blue pinafore, faded and soft. The fine blonde hair she’d inherited from her dad was tied in a long ponytail; the hush of a breeze blew the undone strands into her face. She was concentrating on the flower chain she was weaving in her hands. A long one, to match the one she wore around the top of her head. He would wear it too. He laughed at the thought, and she looked up.“Daddy! You’re awake!”The earth trembled then. Rumbling vibrated the air. Evers’s eyes grew wide as she swiveled her head from side to side. “Daddy!?”A dark, planet-sized shadow rose slowly behind his daughter, ascending, cresting the hill. An immense black sphere, it blotted out the sun. The air chilled.“No!” He screamed and leapt to his feet.The air pulsed with the heartbeat of the alien craft. His own heart was about to explode. He scooped up Ever, she burst his eardrum with a scream. Wildflowers rained from her lap. As he ran down the hill with the child in his arms, he felt insects crunch under his bare feet, poor crickets.No matter how far he ran, the circular shadow overtook him.The earth suddenly heaved upwards. His feet kept running in the air like a not-funny cartoon’s.Gravity sucked him down. To shield the child in his arms, he landed hard on his back. ‘WHAM!’ His head bounced and all went black.His throbbing eyes felt more like tumors, swollen and sore. He cracked them open a sliver and white-hot pain sizzled through them. He shut them again. He tried to raise a hand to shield them for another try and found he could not. ‘Whaaaaa?’He could not move his head either. ‘Paralyzed from the neck down?!’Then, as he came to, his senses sharpened. He felt the thick rubber straps binding him to his bed. ‘Wait. No. Too hard for a bed. A table.’He panicked and opened his eyes as wide as he could, still only a sliver. So bright. Tears streamed. As he blinked them away, his vision cleared. A strap across his forehead and another over his chin held his head firmly in place. He tested his arms again and felt the straps dig in. He was not surprised to feel his abdomen and legs just as securely fastened. ‘An accident?’ Then, slowly, in fragments, his last flight played in his head in fits and starts, like an ancient reel to reel film in what they had called a movie theatre. ‘My crew, dead. Impossible…true.’More liquid flooded his eyes and he squeezed them shut. When he opened them, a doctor was in the room, his white-coated back was to him, eight feet away. He had obviously been alerted to a change in his patient’s vitals and had come to examine the readouts. He thought, ‘The whole thing was a dream then! Just a horrible nightmare!’ He laughed. It came out like a mad dog coughing up a giant hairball.“Hey…” croaked Waterson. He could barely hear his own voice and tried again. “Doctor.”The doctor ignored him and kept jotting notes on his Apple Hologram 55. Grinning like a mad man, Waterson said, “Did you get all that? Record it? That was one crazy dream, huh? What a horror movie that’ll make! Right?”Confused, he attempted to get the doctor’s attention again, “Doc, what’s wrong with me? Can you undo these? I’m awfully thirsty…”A second doctor came into the room. The two men in white coats looked over the notes on the modern Apple gizmo.The doctors turned around. Lieutenant General Doctor Irving! And General Tyson! Neither doctor said anything, and Waterson wondered if they had heard him. Maybe he was still sleeping. As the doctors peered over him closer, one on each side of the ‘bed’, they blacked out some the blinding white dazzle. Waterson closed his aching eyes with relief. He was in safe hands; they would fix him. He felt a cool hard plastic straw against his lips. He opened his mouth a fraction and felt joyously cool water trickle down his parched throat. He sucked with vigor and after a few seconds realized the water tasted of sand and cinnamon. ‘Odd.’He opened his eyes as Doctor Irving removed the straw.   The straw was a long thin black appendage that was telescoping back into the sleeve of Irving’s lab coat. Waterson gagged in disgust but willed himself not to vomit. On his back, unable to turn his head, he’d choke to death. ‘Might be for the best.’ “Doc! General! Please wake me up! Enough is enough!”When Doctor Irving spoke at last, the voice was that of Alexa, though infected with loathing, “My dear Captain, I’m afraid your nightmare begins now.”
Every time I open the door to my apartment building, I pray to get to my apartment door safely.Living in a big city at only twenty-years-old all by myself, with no close friends or family around for thousands of miles, puts me a little on edge.You’d think that once I got inside my building, things would be better than the street. Usually, it is, but there are some neighbors that have been here for centuries, it seems, smoking cigarettes in their ratty old nightgowns, hacking up a lung and staring you down as you walk by. The woman has a tuft of thinning brown hair on the top of her head and the man is so pale you can see blue spots at his temples. They are obviously on drugs of some sort. Meth, crack, pain pills. It’s anyone’s guess these days.Miami is a safe haven for drug addicts; a city built off the cocaine industry. There are drugs everywhere, clubs everywhere. High-energy dance music, festivals, raves, people partying on the beach.Living in South Beach, the concentration of people on drugs condenses to a pulsating throng of wackos.The man and woman, as wretched-looking as they seemed, never tried to grab at me.The worst was when I would somehow get caught between a lovers’ spat in the lobby. And by lovers, I mean pimp and ho. They would always try to recruit me, using various praise-and-scare tactics. Having just moved here and no one to watch my back, I try to avoid interactions like these at all costs; like avoiding eye contact, walking with purpose, or pretending I don’t speak English.There was one time this dude with dreads stepped in on my behalf, and averted the attention of the strung-out hooker who was ready to beat me into submission. He grabbed my shoulders and turned me in towards him, almost like a brotherly hug. The hooker retreated with her pimp and they went hunting for new prey.“Whoa, you’re that girl, uh, no way,” the dude with dreads doubled back in surprise, looking me keenly in the eyes.“What?” I was bewildered, studying the guy, trying to remember if I should know him from somewhere…“You’re the girl, you’re the girl,” he covered his mouth and was pointing at me, looking over his shoulder and then back at me.All of a sudden, a tall, dark, handsome figure appeared from the shadows.“The girl from the dream?” he asked in a deep voice.“Yeah! Yeah!” the dude with dreads kept pointing at me, his blue eyes popping out of his head.I thought it was just another cat call and was ready to activate my flight response at a moment’s notice.The tall, dark figure shook his head and said, “Nah, I don’t buy it. You predicted this would happen. You know she lives here. You probably see this type a’ thing every day.”“No! No! I’ve never seen you before, ha-have I?” he looked straight at me, pleading.I scrunched up my nose to scrutinize him even closer, his sudden vulnerability getting the best of me, and played into this game.“Honestly, like, I don’t think so,” I admitted finally. He just seemed like every other generic hippie white dude with dreads and beads in his hair. It figures he would be attracted to the beaches and party lifestyle, too. The beach attracts all kinds of people. It’s fucking beautiful.The two men looked at each other as the dude with dreads sighed in relief, like it meant something deep.I shook my head at them, “What dream?”He looked back at me and paused.His friend spoke up in turn and said, “He says he can predict the future.”“What?” I laughed at them and started to leave.“No! No. It’s crazy. I’m not crazy. But my dreams, I been having. I see things. I saw you here last night, wearing that,” he pointed to my shorts that had frayed edges.I looked down, bewildered, and saw the hello kitty patch on the left pocket, sparkling and pink and staring up at us through haunted, beady eyes.I rolled my eyes at him. “Tripping balls, I assume? Seeing cats?”“Whoa,” he exclaimed. “You trip on shrooms, too? Let me know if you need any…”I laughed and glanced shyly at the tall, dark figure, trying to get a better look at his face to determine if he was cute enough to fuck.I could feel myself blushing so I decided to stick around and see what these guys were like.“I’m good… for now,” I told them, laughing.  “You smoke that ganja? We got some of that…”I paused, thought about it, smiled, and shrugged in agreement.*That day, I smoked a blunt with Roscoe and Tim out back in the courtyard.“There’s more to it,” dude with dreads said to me after passing the blunt. “In the dream, they stole you away. Bottom bitch there knocked you out and they carried you to their car.”He shook his head as he remembered and furrowed his eyebrows. When he looked up at me again, there were tears in his eyes. It gave me fucking goosebumps.“What?” I egged him on, looking sidelong at tall, dark, handsome dude and noting his firm pecks under his muscle shirt. His thick, smooth, muscular arms extended towards me as I passed him the blunt and our hands met for just a moment, making my heart skip a beat.“They would’ve sold you,” dude with dreads said sorrowfully.“No way,” I protested. “That wouldn’t happen.”But I got a nasty, nagging feeling deep in my gut, and suddenly felt nauseous. At the time, I attributed it to the blunt, thinking it was laced with some hippie-shit.But a thought had struck me that I couldn’t shake: I have been relying on dumb luck to get me through life up until this point.Slightly offended and suddenly turned off by the whole thing, I turned to leave. I got sick of tall, dark, and handsome dude being so silent and dude with dreads being so overly-spiritual that I left the two of them without so much as a goodbye, and stormed off back to my apartment.   *That week, I saw on the news that very same pimp and ho couple from my complex had been arrested for kidnapping a fifteen-year-old girl. My heart dropped into my stomach as I listened to the report of their involvement in a dangerous underage sex trafficking ring, apparently operating right under my nose.What kind of sorcery? I thought as I scurried to the lobby in search of dreads.I found him smoking a cigarette in the corner. He put it out as I approached.His eyes were like portals to the universe, pupils dilated like big black holes surrounded by slivers of silver-blue.“I’m on a hallucinatory experience,” he waved his hand in a trance as I stood next to him. “I can see with every facet of nature, every fiber of being, the force fields around us, only show us truth. Truth and pain; they operate in unison.”He began doing a sort of tai chi where he was miming the air around him with each word he said, engulfed in a world visible only to himself. I held steady and studied the subject before me, intrigued with his insight.“But how did you know? How could you even…” I started demanding answers from him.He shook his head at me and furrowed his brows over deep, saddened eyes, “It’s obvious. The facts are all there.” He pointed passionately into the abyss. “They’re all right there, if people would just take the time to look.”I paused for a moment, unsure of how to proceed. He wasn’t creeping me out, but there was something major going on, like some kind of revelation or monumental experience happening.“They’re in jail now,” I relayed to him after some silence.“Glad they caught them,” he motioned his arms in circles, still not looking at me.I looked around for tall, dark, and handsome dude but there was no sign of such a figure lurking in the shadows.“Where’s your friend?” I asked bluntly because, well, fuck it.“On his way to Montana,” he replied, equally as blunt.I just stood there, stunned.“I dreamt last night, that a commie-zombie apocalypse would happen after a virus forced the government to shut down the economy and vaccines were mandated onto everyone but the elite. He’s gone to join the new resistance.”“The resistance?” I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, like, is this French revolution?“It’s coming,” he said, staring straight ahead, arms straight down by his sides, bracing for impact.I tried desperately to see what he saw and craned my neck around. “What is?”“A tidal wave,” he stated flatly. Then he looked straight at me with those creepy, black eyes and put words into my soul that I will never forget. “Only those who’ve built Arks will survive.”It didn’t make sense back then, but now that the apocalypse is upon us, I often wonder who will survive and who will thrive?In all the histories of all the world, what countries have thrived after following orders from their government “in the name of public good” to impose new restrictions, mandate new regulations, and enforce said regulations by use of militia on its people?The passage of time is a makeshift paradigm, indeed. You don’t just create zombies from perfectly functioning human beings overnight. There is a rhythm and a method, an ebb and flow, a push and then a pull back, to the madness that the Satanists bestow upon us.Our own sins guide us, our own hypocrisies blind us, when we try to seek an authority to rule over our lives, when we give up our freedom of independence and body sovereignty to those who want to enslave us and depopulate the masses.This is the flaw in human nature, this is the flaw that will make our species fall; giving up control for a little more security, because that security is promised by crooks under false pretenses. They smile in our faces and promise us the world, then turn around and spend our money to kill millions of innocent children and people, all while stuffing their pockets with the tears of our stolen liberties.Will we ever learn or are we doomed to fall for The Socialist Lie, time and time again?The good news is that extinction is the rule, survival is the exception. Looks like Earth will win the war over humans after all.
 Programmed into the Netherworld     Tom Jepson worked hard as a project manager for Apex Computer Consulting. In fact, every one of his many clients would rely solely on Tom’s expertise. If he had taken one of the extremely infrequent vacations he took during his two-decade tenure at Apex, his clients would endanger the success of important projects rather than entrust operations corrections to anyone but Tom while he remained out of the office.      Thus, for 21 years, he put in extra time late into the night and on weekends to deal with the minutiae of every single project, exerting maximum effort and brain power.     Aside from the personal satisfaction and, of course the advancing status and monetary rewards of Tom’s fanatical dedication to his craft, another, somewhat sinister, reason lurked beneath the surface.     You see, after Tom did finish each of his projects he had to return to his home. Due to his breakneck and tiring schedule, this meant sleeping many hours--and, very seldom, did the sleep that came result in restful slumber.     Every time he tried to rest from his work-a-day concerns his subconscious mind transported him to a bizarre world where the totalitarian rulers of a rogue planet sought to capture him for “crimes” they said Tom had committed “against the federation” by fighting with a rebel faction.      Tom had no recollection of ever having sided with the rebels.      Yet the rulers and their “security forces” pursued him throughout the solar system and made quite sure he knew that the ultimate penalty, should they ever catch him, would be his immediate execution in one of the horrible “atomic smashers” they used to enforce their iron-fisted rule of the fearful populace.     However, after sleeping through several of these intergalactic near-death marches over the course of several hours each night, Tom would wake up soaked in sweat, but, thankfully still physically intact.      Although he found the dreams extremely disturbing, Tom, up to now, had realized his nightime excursions into the intergalactic realm only existed in the dream state--or did they?     After one particularly close call with his intergalactic pursuers that lasted longer than most had in the past, Tom found himself unable to escape his dream sequence and wake up in his apartment. He tried to get up for work, but found himself shackled to his bed and appearing before some type of spaceworld magistrate.     The magistrate said, “The intergalactic jury has found you guilty of anti-federation criminal activity. Your sentencing will take place in three days. Among possible punishments you could face final destruction in the atomic smasher.”    “How can this happen?” Tom asked. “I am not even of your world. Even if I had belonged to this world, I have done nothing wrong. I am simply a computer consultant program manager.”    “You now have entered our world through our portal,” the magistrate replied. “Because your subconscious has transported you into our world and, in that world, you have attempted to overthrow the federation, you must suffer the consequences.”     Suddenly, however, Tom’s subconscious mind and his conscious mind sent him a message that jarred him back to the true reality of his situation.     During his last vacation, the project manager had experimented with virtual reality. Instead of the technical breakthroughs for which he had hoped, his experiments went “way off the rails” and he crashed through the portal to the middle of the intergalactic battle.     Unfortunately for Tom, he could not avoid coming to the side of those he perceived as the underdogs in the other world to which his dreams had transported him. He signed on to a “rebel squad” in the latest battle against the federation and sought to overturn what he considered the federation’s dictatorship.    For his own welfare, however, he knew he had to abandon the fight in which he really had no stake--except his own survival. The result Tom found in his dream world had taken him to a new reality way beyond that he had bargained for when conducting what he considered very elementary VR experiments.      He scanned his brain and stored memory for some novel idea that would enable him to escape what could become his last voyage both on earth and in the alternative universe to which he had unwittingly transported himself.     Suddenly Tom remembered something in one of his experiments that, he believed, would offer the solution to his problem. He had read about an experimental mechanism VR experts recently had worked on that would enable the operator to rewind the VR “episodes” they had observed in the past.   His research showed that this reversal mechanism would allow Tom to backtrack through his dreams and enter the reality existing at the time of a past memory so he could escape back through the portal and land back in reality.   Turned out Tom had acquired a “beta” copy of this reversal mechanism when conducting his many experiments into VR. It took some time to uncover the mechanism from the vast amount of clutter around his apartment. The clutter had resulted from the battles between his real and virtual worlds. During those battles the federation had attacked his apartment, which had transported him through the dream world.   After an hour of searching Tom uncovered the mechanism and wound it back to return to the memory that portrayed his last entrance into the portal. He then set the controls to change history and take him back to the time when he only was dreaming. The portal opened, his apartment crashed through it and Tom landed on his bed.    The project manager breathed a sigh of relief, glad he soon would return to life as an ordinary “cog in the wheel” at a computer consulting firm the following week.    It took him some time to fully recover from his ordeal and to explain his absence--especially since very few of his fellow “computer geeks” would buy his story.     Tom resolved to never again experiment with virtual reality and to stick to whatever adventures he could find in his daily workday life.
 If all went well, she would find a Mate tonight. There were only a few hills between her current position and the Mating Valley. If she made it there by the time the third sun set, she would be able to find a nice low, sheltered position. Once the Deluge started, the lower positions were always the most favorable. She would be ready.---The Deluge always came shortly after the last rays hit on the same day each year. Always the same, her mother told her, forever the same.This was the mantra that mothers told their daughters to guard against the fear.The fear was always the same too - that one year the Deluge would not come.There was a myth, told by firesides for many generations, of a period in which the Deluge did not come. Where the land and the wombs had been dry and cold. The old had succumbed to Non-Bearing and the young had grown mature with fainter and fainter hope of a Mate. It was so told that one woman, and her faith, allowed the Deluge to return. In penance for her People, the woman had traveled to the East, bringing back a full pack of young Wanderers to foster, forsaking her Bearing years. The One honored her sacrifice. Thus did the Deluge return.The story always seemed to imply that the People had somehow deserved the loss of the Deluge. She never believed that could be true. For what could anyone do that would be that awful?---She traveled low to the ground and looked both ways as she scurried beside the tall grasses. The hills were large and low and the grasses were wild and gold and wet. She sniffed at the sign of droppings by the roadside. Someone had brought a steed with them. This was, while not strictly forbidden, frowned upon. A steed could create confusion for the separation of the women and the scattering of the Mates.Where could the steed go? she wondered. It could not roam free in the great Valley for fear of disrupting the Deluge. It would have nothing to eat and nothing to do. Nothing to be tied to. She wondered if someone of a higher caste had ridden the steed. Such vanity, her mother would say.The way from her village was long. She had been traveling on the ground for three days. This was the ritual. You hugged the young of your hut and set out with waves and song. You tramped and you struggled and you wept. You told stories with others on the journey there. No steeds. No crutches.Her hair had been woven with reeds from the nearby water place. Her skin had been marked with red from the ground and green from the leaves and purple from the fruits. She sat with the Elders.And then the Song began.The Song must begin in the huts and continue on the trail. The Song was long and spoke of rebirth and betrayal, of days gone by. It spoke of Mates long and of women fierce and proud. It spoke of the Deluge and the one day of the Mating. It spoke of the return of the Mates to the ground whence all things came. It spoke of the return of the women, steadfast and glorious, Bearing the will and the heat and the oneness that became the next generation.She loved the Song, as she loved all the traditions of the Mating. Every year she had watched women going out on their quest over the hills, through the mountains, over the next hills and to the Valley. They came back with their Bearing and stories of the women they met, of the sky, of the storm, of the Deluge. Some would not survive the path back. The path back was treacherous. Those who failed to Mate at the Deluge had been known to waylay the Bearing and attack them. Rare, but it was known. Failure to Mate can drive the sanest woman mad, she had been told. And once Bearing, the path was a bit harder. You may be tired. You may scurry lower to the ground. You may need rest.No one spoke much of the Mating itself. There was a secret to it. Those women who had already been to the Deluge before were to guide you. She should have been traveling with those who would teach her the ways of the Mating. But she was not.She was alone.Their village had, of late, lost some to the ground from floods and wild beasts. And some - young women - had disappeared.Some were those with whom she had played when she was young. They had learned the ways of the Deluge at the feet of the same Elder Women. And then one day, they came no more to lessons.They were gone.Some believed that they had run away south, but she did not believe it. What was South? North was the way to the Deluge. What life was there to live away from the Deluge? What life was there to lead other than as a Bearing woman? No village would take them.Her village was a small one. There were several huts in a circle dotted over a large field. This repeated 8 times in a wider circle. There was a center square for food preparation, young caring, and firesides. There was a Discussion Place where any events of note were had. There was the Bearing place where women went to have their young. There were other villages like theirs to the East and West of her village. But as far as she knew, the South became hotter and more dangerous. There were no villages there.She had heard stories once, long ago, from a very old woman, Berety was her name, who lived in a small burrow near the edge of the field of their village. She was thin and long, hung low, and chattered when she spoke, as if laughing behind her words. She liked to tell scary stories to the young and then ply them with bark and beads to come back again. She too was alone. Her talks were more wild than the normal stories. She told of large beasts that roamed the far North. She spoke of the years when the Deluge did not come and what the people had done to deserve it. She called it the Cause.The Cause of the years that the Deluge did not come, she said, came down to one woman. This woman she called Ginto. Ginto went to the Deluge along with her village women. She did the long march with no steed. She sang the songs. She suffered the same trials. But then came the Deluge and the Mating. And then, lost to some sickness of the mind, she had not seen fit to return her Mate to the ground whence all things came.There were rules about this part of the Mating, of course. Deep and core and necessary rules. The first rules of Mating that any of the young learned: Mates must be returned to the ground whence all things came. Any Mate living past the day of the Deluge was a danger to all of the villages. A danger to All. Mates were not wise or able creatures, but they provided the seed of life. As such their lives were sacred. They must be protected from themselves. They must be returned to the ground.Mates left past the day of the Deluge developed a fierce will and lost the health of their naturally calm minds. Their calm held from the Deluge until the third sunrise. Then they could become violent. They could even seem to speak and to want and to need. Symptoms of degeneration. It was not only necessary, but kind, to return them to the earth in time.But, said Berety, Ginto did not do her duty and return the Mate to the ground. The Mate wandered off and later killed a young one. Ginto was punished. She returned to the ground before her time. Her young bore her shame as well and were denied Mates. While the lost Mate was never found, it was thought that he went to the South, into the wilds.And, said the whispers in the village, that was where the young women of her village, the lost ones, had gone as well. The idea frightened her. And that they had deserted her to her first Deluge…she had felt anger toward them for a time. All the others of her village were too old or had young too new, or were not yet of woman age and could not join her. And thus she was alone.---Alone wasn’t all unfortunate, she discovered. It gave her time to think and prepare herself. She decided that before the Deluge began she could find another woman to explain things to her.She traversed the land for several more hours. Finally she was on the slope of the last hill, heading down into the valley.The air was crisp and biting. The sky was a deep blue-gray with large rolling black clouds all along the horizon, moving toward the valley.They were coming.She came down the last rise and saw the other women. Already in their spots and their little caves. Already taking up most of the prime space toward the edges – in the low spaces. She wandered around the edges of the valley looking for a spot that she could claim. Finally, she found a small dip in the ground to her right and a low outcropping of rock right above. There was a small indentation that was not quite a cave but would serve. The ground dipped down into the spot and would allow for the best collection possible. This would be her Hollow.There was a Hollow to her right that was occupied, maybe several steed lengths away, but not too far. She lay her belongings down in her little area to mark it and scampered over to find the other woman.“Good Deluge,” she said.“And to you,” the older woman replied.“I would like to request a small advice on the Mating. I did not have any come from the village with me and the last pieces were not relayed to me.”“Not by your mother?” the older woman asked.“Not by my mother or my mother’s mother,” she replied.“Very well,” the woman said. “Sit.”The younger woman gathered herself under herself and sat. The older woman had a very nice spot. Somewhat higher ground but broader and more shielded from others by the undergrowth.“What do you want to know?” the older woman asked.“When the Deluge comes, how will I know my mate?”“Your mate will find you. He will fall closest to you and you will collect him. Know that this is the choice that the One has given you. There is no reasoning, there is only giving,” the older woman replied. “You will wait, and the Mate will be given to you. Then the Mating will commence. ““I have not been told about the Mating,” the younger woman said guardedly. “Not…all.”“There is nothing to tell,” said the older woman. “Your mother should have at least told you that: there is nothing to tell.”“Nothing to tell?”“The Mate knows. You, only in this, follow.”“When will I know when it is done?” the younger woman asked.“You will know.”“And returning him to the ground?”“You will know.”The older woman reached for the younger woman and examined her.“You have the Imbedder and it is healthy and sharp. The place of the Imbedding is clearly marked at the back of his head. When the Mating is over, the Mate will sleep. Place the Imbedder in this spot and you will have completed your work. Merely leave what is left in your Hollow and begin the journey back.”The older woman let go of her.“Thank you for sharing your wisdom,” the younger woman said.“What is your name?” the older woman asked.“Salise,” the younger woman replied.“Many blessings and good Deluge,” the older woman said nodding.She did not offer her name and Salise did not ask.---Salise went back to her Hollow and waited. And waited.The dark clouds came closer and closer. Then they were covering the entire sky. Around her, women stood up out of their Hollows and raised their faces and their selves up to the sky, waiting, hoping, praying. Salise stood as well and took the position.There was a thundering, directly above, and then a sound as of a deep CCRRRAAAACK. Then the Deluge began.Descending horizontally as if riding on the wind, the Mates came down. They did not fall as a rock would fall. Instead they drifted slowly and gracefully, first in large clumps and masses, like berries thick on the undergrowth. Then spread apart.Then they were on the ground.One was near. He was at her Hollow. He was hers.He seemed in a trance. He was dark and long. He was not what she had expected.There were no renderings of Mates anywhere in her village. Such pictures were offensive. Her mother did describe the Mates to her as lower and more basic versions of women, with singular tasks and low mental abilities. “They do not think or act like you,” her mother said. “They may look like you, but that is to help with the mating. The more similar the better, the One decreed. But remember, they are not the same. Enjoy the Mate, and be glad that you have helped it fulfill its purpose."Salise believed her mother. And she remembered the advice of the older woman.And so - she let him lead.---The Mating took longer than expected, but there was no pain. The Mate seemed to enjoy it. He had a serene expression on his face during the entirety. He was now asleep. He was in a prime position in her Hollow, face down.She located the Inputting place on the back of his neck as he slept. It was outlined in red. This will be easy, she thought.The Mate stirred and then rolled over, face up. He rose.“What are you doing?” he asked.He spoke! They did not speak, or so she had been told. Not unless…“You should lay back down,” she said, her voice breaking slightly. A sense of sickness touched her. “Sleep. It is almost time for return.”“Return?” he asked. “Where am I?”Salise felt nervousness and fear – and anger. After all her work, her faithfulness, why would the One give her the burden of a defective Mate? She closed her eyes as if willing him gone. She turned to face the entrance to the Hollow. Opening her eyes again, she looked across the dark valley. She heard murmurings around her but no other voices.Salise turned back to the Mate. She gathered herself under herself and sat. She looked at the Mate. She tried to remove the fear from her voice.“You should not be awake,” she said. “Lay back down and try to rest.” If only he would roll over again, she thought.He moved closer to her.“I am Charlin. Tell me, why am I here?”This will be something to tell my young, she thought.“I’m sorry, but you are unwell,” she replied, her voice steady now. “You have no name.”“I am Charlin.” He repeated. “I come from a place that is colder than here. We…” He stopped and looked into the dark of the Valley. “I…”He stopped again. “I don’t remember anything else. Just the cold. The whiteness and the cold. It was cold where I was and blank and white and bright and…I am Charlin…I am here. Who are you? What is this place? Why am I here? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Doing? Doing? Doing?”Louder. Louder. Louder.Then she was on top of him and grappling him to the bare ground. The dry earth moved and fluffed up around them. She rolled him over as he wailed. She placed her main mass near his neck. She almost had him. He started to wriggle out of her grasp.“Doing? Doing? Doing?” he shrieked.Other woman had come to the edge of Her Hollow. They watched, their expressions blank.“Help me!” she yelled. Not one of them moved.She jumped up and then down, shifting her weight again and pinning down the Mate’s lower mass with an appendage. She was on him again, his neck in reach once more.“No! No! No!” he wailed.She had the Imbedder. She lined it up and plunged it quickly and fiercely into the circle of red on the back of his neck. She rolled off him.Scurrying to the edge of the Hollow, she watched as the Mate melted slowly into a viscous and colorless gel. His darkness, his eyes, the offending mouth, all slowly stretched and sank and dissolved - and were gone.He did not speak again.Salise turned to see the other women moving away, back to their Hollows.Would they have done what needed doing had she failed? Another question for her mother. She now had so many.She saw the first sun begin to rise, the rays playing on the horizon and lapping at the valley. She gathered herself up to make the journey back.----The older woman who had counseled her the night before found her as she was leaving the valley.“I heard you last night,” she said.“Why did you not help me?” Salise asked.“Because,” the woman said, “He was your mate.”Yes, thought Salise. He was.
 Clouds of dark grey swarmed in the sky, making the early morning feel like night, Ashley’s Keurig made sad whistling tones as it poured out her coffee. She sipped it, burning the tip of her tongue, cursing, she rushed to pour some water to soothe it. Ashley opened her daily planner trying to ignore her screaming tongue and checked breakfast off the things-to-do list section. The prompt underneath asked her to jot down some things she was grateful for. Coffee that doesn’t burn your tongue, getting to skip work- she scratched that out and stared at the blank page with cursive titles. Ashley stabbed one of the smiley stickers it came with onto the center of the page and shut the book, she picked at the forgotten bits of tape and pink still stuck to the front of the planner. It was a gift from her co-worker Miranda to motivate her to be ‘more productive’ in her life. Instead, it just gave Ashley a reason to stare at her problems in ink. It had been packaged in bright pink paper and frilly blue string, Miranda’s friends giggled when Ashley opened it, Miranda beaming with her charity. She tucked the planner in her backpack and poured the rest of her coffee into a travel mug. Ashley figured she would beat the traffic instead of staring longingly at the planner for it to write out her life for her. ***“Ashley, I have the best news look!” Ashley had just reached her desk, successfully avoiding eye contact with everyone to find Miranda already standing by her desk, dressed in a bright blue suit, her hair done in loose curls, her heels polished. Ashley must have looked as though she had been run over by a train.“Ashley, my finger, look!”Miranda had her dainty hand in the air in front of Ashley’s nose, a massive diamond on her ring finger.“Frank proposed last night, it was so romantic, Ashley you have no idea. He had the band play our song and had this bouquet of flowers that-Ashley could hardly pay attention as her story was drowned by the entrance of Kaden, his dark hair perfectly curled on his head, dressed in a suit that accentuated his lean figure, Ashley waved to him as he passed, him not noticing her, distracted by someone across the office calling his name.  “- then he opened the box and I nearly fainted. Isn’t that great Ashley?”“Yeah, great. Congrats.”“How’s your love life going Ashley?”Ashley was saved from admitting to Miranda the boring tale of going to bed at 10 and staring at her planner hoping it would grow legs and tell her how to be an adult, to her phone ringing. “Business calls.”“True Ashley. Well bye, Ashley!”The day passed in a blur of calls, jot notes, and an angry customer which only intensified the grumbling of Ashley’s stomach by the time her lunch break arrived. She planned to be the first out of her chair to get ahead of the microwave line when she turned the corner to find Kaden was already there. She took way too long looking for her leftover pasta in the fridge. “Hey Miranda, congrats! I was in on the whole plan from the beginning you know.”Ashley jumped at hearing his smooth deep voice addressing Miranda as she sauntered into the room, pushing past Ashley to pull out her tray of sushi. “Isn’t it just a thrill?” she asked, wiggling her ring in Kaden’s face. “Definitely eye-catching.”“Ashley sweetie are you using the microwave or are you just staring?”Ashley could feel herself grow warm as she realized she was watching their conversation. Her eyes focused on every word that exited from Kaden’s lips. The pasta container motionless in her hand. “Uh, yeah just admiring your ring again.”Ashley turned around and stabbed a minute into the microwave and left as fast as she could. She didn’t fully check her pasta and was left with semi-cold noodles and lumps of tomato sauce which she choked down at her desk as she tried to disappear.***By five Ashley’s coworkers were packing up their bags. There was a buzz around Miranda’s desk with several of their coworkers in excited conversation, including Kaden. They were all getting ready to go to some fancy bar downtown to celebrate Miranda’s engagement. Ashley hadn’t been invited but had to pass by Miranda’s desk in order to leave the building. She put her head down and watched her shoes and was just passing them, hand reaching for the door, when Miranda’s shrill voice called, “Ashley sweetie, come here, come here!”Ashley turned and the group had fallen silent, watching her as she did her best to smile and stand straighter. “We’re going to this cool place downtown in about an hour, you should meet us there Ashley!”One of the receptionists rolled her eyes and another raised an eyebrow toward Miranda. They all stared at Ashley waiting for an answer. She took a deep breath. “Yeah, I have some things I need to do. I'll see if I can swing by.” She looked up at Kaden as she said this and found him staring right through her as if she were a piece of glass. “Cool Ashley. See you!”The group burst back into their conversations, Miranda at the center of them, as Ashley waved and left the building to the safety of her car. The clouds still looked as angry as they had been in the morning. Ashley wondered when it would finally rain.***Wine glass downed, Ashley was attempting to put on eyeshadow but instead looked like a twelve-year-old at a birthday party who had put on too much glitter. She wiped it all off and let her hair down. It didn’t bounce in the way Miranda’s did, it looked flat and boring. Ashley sighed and decided she would walk to the bar, she was already half an hour late could use the walk to build her courage. The sky was a fury of dark clouds as she waited for the rain to impale her. Her flimsy umbrella was perched against her shoulder, the fraying edge hardly a weapon against mother nature; the best it could do was keep her dry long enough to get to the bar if it finally started to rain. PLOP. Ashley jumped at the sound of something wet hitting the pavement behind her, freezing her tracks. Ashley turned slowly, raising her umbrella slowly bracing herself, expecting just a puddle or bird but instead, she found a man drenched head to toe staring back at her.All thoughts of her destination vanished as Ashley stared at the man. He looked strange with the water from his skin shining from the street lamp, his face a shadow, and Ashley realized with a flush, he was fully naked. He stared at her not knowing what to say.“Uh hello?” Ashley tried.“Hi.”“You’re sort of naked.”“Yeah, I know.”Ashley stared at the man, her eyes wide, trying not to stare. She wondered how much wine she had. He stepped closer to her and Ashley stepped back.“Please just stay there. How did you get in this- uh, predicament?”The man was silent. “Where did you come from?”He pointed up at the dark clouds which still hadn’t leaked a single drop. Ashley tried to look for a balloon or airplane or something that would explain how the man had fallen from the sky. She was coming to the conclusion that he was probably dangerous and that she could run home from where she was when he asked,“Could you help me, I know this is strange but I mean you no harm.”“How do you propose I help? You are a naked man and I am a woman who could be walking into a really bad situation if I say yes, so-”“I’m cold, please, if I could just have a place to stay for a few days and then I will fade back into the rain I swear.”Maybe it was the wine, maybe it was the way his voice rose in panic with each word or the fact he said he was going to become rain again. She took off her sweater.“Here, cover up for now and follow me.”Ashley walked home, her strange companion not uttering a single word as he walked beside her, her sweater tied around his waist, keeping enough distance apart.“Wait there,” Ashley said as she entered her house. She rummaged through her closet and found some sweats and a giant shirt.“Thank you.”Ashley and the man stared at each other, she could make him out better now they had escaped the dim light from outside. Her clothes were tight on him and he had watery blue eyes and sandy hair. He took in her house as if he was looking at it through a lens. The man was not much taller than her and seemed unaware of his chiseled features. “Are you hungry?”The man nodded and followed Ashley into the kitchen where she made some toast and filled a glass of water. She watched as he munched each piece with satisfaction, he never touched the water. “Is there someone you need to call?”He shook his head and continued munching. Ashley was interrupted by her phone ringing in the silence. Miranda’s name lit up her screen. She had forgotten all about going to the bar.“Ashley, Ashley sweetie did you see one?”“See what Miranda?”“They’re calling them rain men, they are just falling from the sky. I was talking with one and he was so handsome Ashley, you wouldn’t believe it.”Miranda paused and Ashley could hear her laughing as someone said, Why bother with Ashley, she’s so boring. Ashley flushed.“Actually hey, Miranda? There’s one here. One of the-rain men in my house, I saved him. Not boring at all.”Miranda squealed and told everyone in earshot.“Ashley, you have to tell me everything at work tomorrow.”“What are those?”Ashley looked up expecting to see the rain man still at her kitchen table, but he had left his chair, piece of toast in hand, poking around Ashley’s house. He had found Ashley’s discarded paint brushes and old canvases. “Oh. Nothing honestly, they’re from a different time.”He finished the piece of toast and held up Ashley’s watercolour of the sea she had painted when she went to Nova Scotia a couple of years ago. It was painted at sunset, the colours vivid in oranges and purples, the sea replicating its image.“This one. This is art.”Ashley could feel herself growing warm and brushed off the comment, despite her heart taking a small leap. He sat down on Ashley’s couch propping the painting beside him and passed out. Ashley stared at him for a moment and then gently wrapped him in a blanket.***Ashley woke the next morning wondering if the rain man had all been in her head and that she had just gotten too drunk when she heard humming from her kitchen. The rain man had made her a giant stack of toast and was in the middle of munching on one of his own slices, when she entered, he brightened like sunlight on the water when he saw her. “Good morning. Thought you would be hungry.”Ashley picked up one of the buttery pieces with a smile. “I also went through your closet and think you should wear this today.”On Ashley’s couch, he had laid out a dress she had bought years ago with the tag still sticking out of the sleeve. It was a shimmery blue with delicate flowers on the edge. She had bought it with the intention of going on a date with Kaden but it sat collecting dust at the back of her closet. “Go, put it on, toast can wait.”Ashley put the dress on, the rain man was right, her eyes shone and she looked put together and- pretty. “You’re absolutely beautiful.”Ashley smiled and gave the rain man a twirl, he laughed in delight and took his hands in hers, and spun her around her kitchen, humming a soft tune. Ashley paused breathless and beaming and her phone alarm went off. “Hey listen I’m going to be late. Is there anything you’ll need while I’m gone?”The rain man shook his head and wished her luck. ***With her head held high, Ashley entered the office, she never noticed there were small red peonies at the entrance and that her desk had the window with the best view. The sun was bright in the sky, the clouds from the day before had cleared after the raining of men. Miranda was already waiting for her. “Tell me, tell me, Ashley sweetie! Did you fall in love with a rain man? Did he seduce you?”Ashley gaped at Miranda, she never looked at her closely before. Her mascara had left a rim under her eyes which Ashley used to think was a dark and mysterious look but it just looked like she had been crying. Her dress was wrinkled and her shoes were only shiny because of the reflection of the lights. “We eat toast.”Miranda waited expectantly for more but Ashley instead began to take off her coat revealing the full effect of her dress. “Wow, that dress Ashley-”“Hey Ash, you look so nice today.” Ashley turned to see Kaden on the other side of her desk, coffee in one hand, the other in his pocket, eyes tracing up and down her figure. “Heard you met a rain man. Listen, I think it’s high time we go to lunch, my treat.”Ashley nearly fainted as she nodded and he squeezed her arm as he passed. Miranda was busy looking at something in her nails. “I was going to ask if you wanted lunch with me.”“Sorry Miranda.”“Yeah, whatever. You know I spoke with a rain man too, you’re not special or anything, just plain under that pretty dress.”She stormed off. She could overhear one of the receptionists say that Miranda’s fiance hadn’t shown up last night. ***“So I did what any human would do, despite how bizarre it was and-”Ashley paused in her story. Kaden was scrolling through Instagram nodding occasionally.“And? Listen Ashley you're cute. Never really noticed you before but this rain man thing could make you better than even Miranda.”"I thought she talked with one too, she said-""No she's a liar, tells us all of your secrets you know."The waitress dropped them off some water. Kaden gave her a charming smile and his eyes watched her until she disappeared into the kitchen. He resumed his scrolling. “Uh yeah. The rain men are quite interesting. I wonder why just men or-”“Cool stuff.”Ashley stared at Kaden. Not a hair was out of place and his suit was freshly pressed but he could barely look at her and when he did, it still felt like he was looking through Ashley. “Listen I have to go”“We haven’t ordered yet.”“There's somewhere I would rather be.” ***Ashley went home to find the rain man had set up her easel and was looking at each of the colours of paint she had. He had a paintbrush and was attempting to draw a silhouette but the water kept running down the page.“Would you mind painting a picture of me?”Ashley set her stuff down and got to work opening the paint and picking each brush.“Sit over there.”Ashley got lost in the art, each brushstroke making the paper come to life with the watery image of the rain man, using blues and purples until she was finished. A couple of hours passed but it felt like minutes. Ashley looked at her handiwork. The rain man stared at the painting and then at her.“It's incredible. No one has ever captured me like that,'' he said. “Can I take this with me?” Ashley looked at him, his hair was wet and it looked as if he just showered, his fingertips felt wet in her hands. She asked where he was going.“The rain is calling me- us back. It's hard to explain. You have been a highlight of my journey here. Thank you for trusting me.”Ashley looked into his blue eyes and sighed thinking of going back to the office where Kaden has probably told everyone how she ditched their date, Miranda spinning lies about Ashley’s character, achieving nothing in life.“Can I come with you?”He walked close to her, hands on her cheeks. He looked at her, fully seeing through her eyes and into her soul, it was as if he was reading a well-written story and was entranced by the words of her personality.  “Are you sure?” He asked. “You can’t come back here.” Ashley nodded. It was the first time she felt sure of anything in her life, she took his hand and they disappeared. Days later when people began looking for Ashley, all they could find was her apartment the way she had left it, not a thing out of place. The only curious things were a plate of toast and a puddle of water found on the kitchen floor.
 First, a HistoryTo be honest, it was a relief when the last man finally dried up. For a while, I had nightmares of watching my Freddy crumble into a mound of flaky skin and bones. But we moved on. We had no choice. And we quickly realized this wasn’t a tragedy, but a godsend! We could finally throw off the chains of the patriarchy and reform the world in our own image. We could fix the world men had so badly broken.Oh, how naïve we were.The first decade went about as well as we had hoped. After the initial confusion and hesitancy wore off, national borders were torn down. We saw global cooperation that lead to the One Nation, headed by our first Front-Woman, Eliza Kalendi. Established in 2045, three years after the Drought began, the One Nation government brought about a drastic reduction in carbon emissions, safe and free healthcare for all, quality education for every woman, wealth equality, compassionate elderly care, meaningful work for all able-bodied women, and a dramatic increase in life expectancy. We created a fair and equal society, where crimes were dealt with swiftly and compassionately. Gone were the days of man’s petty, punitive punishments.The one thing we didn’t have was more children. Not yet. The men had left us more than enough seeds in the sperm banks to keep the human race going for another millennia, but when the Drought began, we recognized what a precious commodity it would be. Even before One Nation came to power, any existing local governments had already cut off access to the sperm.Everyone was agreed: no one would be given the right to motherhood until our utopia was firmly established and no man could bring it down.When our youngest daughters, my Frederiika among the youngest of them, reached the age of 13, Front-Woman Eliza announced that we were sufficiently established to begin mothering again.That’s when the cracks in our utopia began to show. As we founded the quarterly lottery, granting five hundred interested women access to in vitro fertilization, we saw unrest increase. That first year, violent protestors and mobs filled the streets of Cleopatra, One Nation's capital (formerly Ashgabat, Turkmenistan). Homicide spiked nearly 400%. Dozens of sperm banks were ransacked and burned. And many other tragedies besides.We were stunned at how polarizing the issue of handling the seeds of life was. Regrettably, we, in the upper echelons of One Nation, laughed off these issues at first. We figured it was a mere anomaly that could easily be addressed by our flawless system.Three factions quickly formed: the Populists, who believed all women should be given free access; the Privilegists, who believed motherhood was a privilege that should be regulated; and the Futurists, who believed we weren’t ready to bring children into the world.The heart of the issue had nothing to do with men or their seed, and everything to do with government restricting how women used their bodies. Many women still bore trauma from the men’s reign of abusive control over our bodies. When we failed to release sperm to all interested women, they saw One Nation as worse than the men, because we acted under the pious notion of enlightenment. Each faction disagreed vehemently on this issue, and from there, other issues were brought to light and debated ferociously. So heated became the discourse, that no one in any faction would even dare to compromise with another faction over anything.Thus One Nation ground to a crawl. Our system, thought so perfect, was collapsing around us. Fifteen months after the first lottery, the Privilegist Front-Woman Eliza was assassinated by a Futurist. Four months later, her successor, Populist Front-Woman Georgina was found dead in a park in Cleopatra. The following year, the third Front-Woman, Aisha, another Privilegist, disappeared without a trace while traveling to Beijing.During this upheaval of leadership, we began to notice a troubling pattern: of the five thousand women who had been selected by the lottery (and several hundred more who had been impregnated illegally), not a single male was born.Now, as the newly inaugurated Front-Woman, I face not only the fate of my predecessors, but the potential extinction of our entire species.19 October 2057Cleopatra, One NationI watch the woman approach, her glasses askew. She wears the same skirt as yesterday, now heavily wrinkled. Papers spill from her bag like a volcano, leaving a trail of harmless, white magma behind her.“Beatrice,” I begin, removing my own glasses to rub my eyes. “How many times do I have to tell you not to sleep here? You have a home—use it!”“I know, Front-Woman Giulia, I know. It’s just—”“Yes, yes,” I waive dismissively. No matter how often I try to force my staff to take time off and rest, they rarely listen. There are far too many crises to deal with, and far too few hours in the day to cope with them all. “What do you have for me?”Beatrice falls into the plush chair across from me, setting her bag beside her with a thunk. “Very little good news, I’m afraid.”“Surprise, surprise.”“Kahirupan Labs just sent me an early draft of their findings.” She rummages in her bag briefly, pulling out a creased memo. “They have successfully inseminated a thousand eggs with Y chromosome sperm cells; however, once the egg is reintroduced into the woman, all the Y chromosomes turn to dust.”“What happens?”“Well, nothing. Without two viable chromosomes, the eggs fail to replicate and the pregnancy fails.”“Does it cause any lasting damage to the woman?”Beatrice quickly scans the memo, looking for the answer. “In a few rare cases, it looks like less than two percent, some level of infertility has been observed. This is very fresh data, though. It’s impossible to know what the consequences will be.”My heart aches for even those two percent. What am I forcing them to suffer just so we can create a new male, the very half of our species we had fought against for millennia? Not for the first time, I bemoan the fact that the human race is the only species to have suffered the Drought. “Why do our bodies only attack the Y chromosome?” I muse for the umpteenth time. “Have they had any luck growing the embryo within another animal or a synthetic?” I ask.Beatrice rummages in her bag again before passing me a creased paper. As I scan the document, she begins to summarize it: “Andador has been looking into that, but with no success. Any human comparable uterus, whether bioengineered, animal based, or purely synthetic, either ends up killing the egg within the first two weeks or causes the withering. It doesn’t look like there is any viable method to keep or grow a male child.”We sit in silence for several minutes, her last words hang heavy in the air between us. I stare at the report in my hands, but don’t read a word of it. The implications are clear: within a century—two if we’re lucky and start rationing again—we will die out. Andador and Kahirupan had been our last hope, no other lab, government or private, had been able to do half as well as they had, and yet, in the end, they too had failed. A sudden pounding on the door breaks me from my depressed reverie. Before I have a chance to decide whether to tell them to leave me alone or come in, the door bursts open. My secretary, Elena, charges into the room like a tornado. She’s rarely calm, but I have never seen her this excited and at a loss for words. “You have to see this!” She says. She taps her watch and the wall across from us bursts into color. I immediately recognize the familiar Privilegist news channel LRN. The headline across the bottom reads: Hurricane forming in Land-Locked Asia. My mouth falls open. That shouldn’t be possible, don’t hurricanes need warm ocean water to develop and survive? The pictures on the wall clearly seem to show something that looks like a hurricane.“We have been monitoring a cluster of storms forming in the regions Kazakhstan, South Russia, and China,” the weather reporter is saying. “As you can see, the clouds appear to be drawing together in the typical spiral formation and eye wall we would only expect to see with a hurricane. It is currently only a category one hurricane, with winds of eighty-three miles per hour, however we expect the storm to continue strengthening over the next few days.“It’s unclear what kind of weather this storm will bring with it. There appears to be little rain or flooding at this point in time, but our reporters on the ground tell us they are seeing high winds and constant lightning. The storm appears to be heading in a south-westerly direction. If it continues on this same path, we expect it to reach Cleopatra in three or four days. “No word, yet, from Front-Woman Giulia or her office on what kind of protections or preparations we can expect from the One Nation leadership. We will continue monitoring the storm as it progresses. If you are in the path of the storm, we recommend stocking up on emergency supplies and preparing for the worst. A storm this unnatural could do anything.”The reporters drone on, but I turn back to Elena and Beatrice. “Well, they just started a mass panic.”“Crazy, right?” Elena practically shouts. “And it’s coming right for us! This is so exciting. I wonder what it’ll look like being underneath a land hurricane. I mean, it must be ama—”“Elena,” I cut her off. “Please shut up, and go find Zadie.”“Right, yes, sorry Front-Woman.” She looks slightly abashed, but her enthusiasm never wavers. I can practically see her bouncing as she walks out the door.A few minutes later she leads Zadie into my office. Unlike Beatrice and Elena, Zadie walks carefully, not a hair out of place, her dark suit neat and starched. “Good morning, Front-Woman,” she says, every word careful and deliberate. “What can I do for you?”“Zadie, why is this—” I motion at the wall “—the first I’m hearing of this storm?” I try to keep my tone even, but I can feel the stress and frustration of being blindsided by a news report leaking into each word. “As head of the Office for Climate Change, I would have expected you to hand deliver a report on this storm cluster yesterday! How am I one of the last to hear of this. It’s heading straight for Cleopatra for God’s sake.”“Yes, Front-Woman, we have been monitoring the storms for several days.” She remained calm and deliberate with each word, despite my rising anger. “However, it has been changing and evolving each day. It only began spiraling this morning and the eye wall can’t have formed more than twenty minutes ago. I’ve been on the phone withs several of our weather research labs trying to figure out what’s happening. Unfortunately, the private weather forecasters have access to all the same information we do, and they aren’t beholden to the Double Verification Standard before speaking publicly.”“Well, they’ve called me out specifically for not releasing a statement yet. What is our plan?”“The storm began forming as a cluster of warmer than usual cloud systems above Altai on Tuesday. Despite heavy winds that night, the clouds remained almost stationary above the city, creating a high pressure bubble surrounded by low—”“I’m not a meteorologist, Zadie,” I groan. “Just give me the basics.”She remains unflappable, but dumbs down the material for me. “Tuesday was a stationary storm. Wednesday we began seeing tornados. Thursday the storm system began gathering closer together and the lightning began. Today we see the storm taking shape as a category one hurricane. This system has yet to produce a single drop of rain.”“Hang on,” Beatrice says, seeming surprised to hear herself speaking. “Did you say it started in Altai?”“Yes,” Zadie replies flatly.“As I recall…” She digs through her bag again, pulling out and discarding a variety of documents. “Yes! Kahirupan purchased a small research lab last year based in Altai that turned out to be crucial in developing the method of forcing a Y chromosome sperm to fertilize an egg. But before Kahirupan purchased them, that lab was focused on weather research. Could this be some kind of artificial storm?”For as long as I have known Zadie, I have never once seen her look surprised. Until now. Her eyes widen, staring at Beatrice, mouth slightly agape. Her fingers begin tapping an irregular rhythm against her leg. After a moment she says, “Why hadn’t we thought of that?”“Go talk to them and find out!” I order.“We can’t,” Zadie says slowly. “All the power has been knocked out in hundred mile radius surrounding Altai.”“Figure it out. I need a public statement within the hour.” I stand and dismiss them. As they leave, I walk to the floor to ceiling windows facing East and look out over the glorious, gold and white city sprawling beneath me. Once again I find myself wondering why I ever agreed to lead this planet. I could be at home in the Alps, relaxing with Riika, unperturbed by storms or the inability to create new sperm. Instead… I have to deal with this.21 October 2057Cleopatra, One NationYesterday we began evacuating the city as the hurricane became a category five storm with one hundred and ninety-seven mile per hour winds. By Friday afternoon, the storm had finally left its stationary position of Altai and began heading straight for Cleopatra. On Saturday, our satellite imagery began picking up odd, rectangular shapes within the clouds. They bobbed along the undulating spirals of the hurricane, clearly not part of the cloud, but what else could it be?This afternoon, I stand at my window again. The sun reflects off the brilliant buildings below as the menacing storm front charges toward us. The evacuation trains speed like lightning into and out of the heart of the city. Beatrice and Elena stand beside me, both appearing moments ago. I half-heartedly try to dismiss Elena, but I can’t blame her for refusing to walk away from such a sinister, yet majestic view, when this could be our final hours.After another minute, Zadie walks into the office. I don’t turn around. “Front-Woman,” she says, all business. “We have just made contact with the Altai lab.”My stomach tightens. “Do they know what is happening?”“Yes.” Beatrice and I turn slowly to look at her. Elena remains entranced by the view. “And?” I ask impatiently.“They have reason to believe they caused the storm.”“Sweet mother Earth, and they’re just telling us—what will it—how did they—are we—” A number of questions war in my mind, none making them fully formed into the air.“It appears to have been an accident caused by an intern.”“An intern—?”Zadie interrupts me with a wave. “Let me finish, Giulia. Several decades back, on a whim, a few old male scientists with nothing better to do tried turning an old children’s story into reality. I believe the story was called Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. They thought they could end world hunger by making it rain food.”I unintentionally scoffed at this. Typical men wasting time and money on such fantasies instead of actually resolving issues.“Apparently, they were able to produce small storm systems, but they could never get the storm system to recreate or produce more food than they put into it, so after a few years the project was cancelled.“The machines they developed to create the storm system were forgotten in a basement in the Altai labs. Last week, an intern assigned to catalog and test all the lost items in the basement discovered the machine and started tinkering with it. Nothing happened at first, so the intern reported it as an unknown broken machine. However, a few days later the clouds began to form above the lab. When the tornados appeared, the city went into lockdown, everyone was forced to stay home.“But today, when they returned to the lab, they discovered a large supply of their Y chromosome sperm missing.”“What?” The three of us gasp.“Several of the units storing the sperm seem to have fallen in the high winds and shattered, however the ground was completely dry. It’s as if there was never any sperm in the containers.”“How can that be?”“They believe the sperm was picked up in the wind and carried into the atmosphere, where the seeds of life seeded the storm.”“So they believe this storm will…” I can’t even bring myself to say it.Zadie nods. “This is a male storm.”The four of us turn to the window again just as the first body plummets from the heavens.
 Vice Admiral Jane Lanos delegated from the recently crashed SS Gibraltar’s battered control deck. A mile-long, charred scar decorated the plain, brown soil ending at the inactive spacecraft resting atop a self-made berm. Her crew worked to stabilize the ship's integrity and care for the injured. She received a panicked call from her Atmospheric and Weather Officer. Vice Admiral Lanos took a breath against the continuing bad news.“How much time do we have, Ms. Gyula?”"Not a lot, ma'am. Fifteen hours tops. It's a planet-wide acid storm. We’ve nowhere safe outside of orbit." Panicked edges poked around her report.“Thank you, keep me updated with any changes. Out.”Orbit. How the experienced, commanding officer dreamed about getting back among space’s calm void. Planets were for those boot-pounding scum that liked to feel solid rock’s nurturing comfort under their boots. She preferred the star-laden expanse’s majesty. Only one person could get them to safety.“Chief Engineer Franklin, engine report.” Urgency hung from her words. Vice Admiral Lanos shuffled through her engineering experience."Ma'am, the engines aren't responding to anything we've tried. The asteroid hit us just the wrong way," she explained with fading resolve. "My best people, the ones who aren't in the med bay, are working the problems.""Unacceptable. We have an incoming storm that’s going to make this blunder rock very, very inhospitable. Your team has less than fifteen hours to get the Gibraltar into orbit. Bring every able person out of med bay back to work otherwise, you and your crew will be facing the storm outside of the ship in life suits. Do… you… understand me?"“Yes, ma’am, crystal clear,” she agreed with motivated resolve. “I’ll have them transported here immediately.”“What’s the hull damage status?” Lanos hoped for a break.“Our robotics team is finishing up as we speak. Two hours at the most.”Lanos sighed with relief. Finally, some good news.“Attach an alternating, inner electrical barrier as they patch the damage. This will cut your repair delay by 30%.”“I’ll make sure we do,” she registered surprise.“Good. Get the rest of the job done. Out.” She laid out the plan, the fix and the stakes. Nothing more could be said.Vice Admiral Lanos despised the Gibraltar being laid up. She thought back to her first solo command on the SS Navigator, a transport ship running troops between remote duty stations. Studying as an engineering officer had been one thing. Space vessel command filled her true passion. She savored capital ship command and planned to maintain her dream’s longevity.“Vice Admiral Lanos, you have a call on the secure line,” her Communication Officer reported from her nearby station.“Thank you, I’ll take the call in my quarters.”Lanos hoped the incoming call would offer emotional respite. Chief Admiral Helen Kominsky’s holographic representation came to life upon the communication table.“Lanos, I hear you’re ship’s stomach flat on a rock out there.” A mixture of concerned humor emoted from the eleven-inch digital form.“Yes, ma’am. You’ve heard correctly.”“What’s your current status?”"Ma'am, it's not good. We have three dead, four hundred twenty-six wounded. Our engines are inconsistent when working with a planet-wide festilian acid storm en route. Luckily our hull repair is near completion."“What’s your plan of action?” Chief Admiral Kominsky asked.“We have approximately fifteen hours to get out of the storm’s path. We’ll be able to get off the ground on 40% engine power. That’ll get the Gibraltar out of harm’s way until the engines can get back another 20% of thrust in time to make orbit. I’ve threatened our Chief Engineer with exile during the storm if she can’t get us safe.”“Good, we hope you won’t need to name her replacement. I’ll do my best to get a ship your way.” Optimism cradled her offer.“Ma’am, I don’t think that’ll be helpful,” Vice Admiral Lanos remarked with honest stoicism.“Oh?” Kominsky asked, not used to having an offer rejected."If we’re grounded when the storm passes over, the acid will eat apart the hull in hours, leaving us exposed, ma'am."“Maybe you should increase the pressure, Vice Admiral.”“Yes, ma’am I’ll threaten to send all of engineering outside. After the crew witnesses their demise for failure, I’ll let them know my intent to scuttle the ship. I don’t want to see the Gibraltar’s surviving tech picked apart by our enemies or scavengers.”“I hope it doesn’t come to that. I’d recommend threatening to add the supply crew into the rain as additional ‘motivation.’” Joyful tinges marked her words.“Yes, ma’am. Good idea.” Vice Admiral Lanos enjoyed the additional stakes on other’s lives.“I’ll assume your ship is lost if we don’t hear from you tomorrow.” Sorrow peppered her professional demeanor.“Thank you for everything you’ve done for my career over the years, ma’am.”“Jane, you've always been a competent and strict commander, the only attributes that seem to matter anymore. You have everyone's deepest regard and will be missed if the plan fails. If by some miracle your ship gets space-borne, I’ll approve your duty assignment choice."“Thank you, ma’am. I look forward to that conversation.” Pride swelled with optimistic hope. “May Command Control the Stars.”“May Command Control the Stars,” her boss replied with equal satisfaction. The table went blank.The ship's engineering crew scrambled. They pushed through their own fears to keep their lives and their supply comrades safe. Vice Admiral Lanos made rounds throughout the vessel. She lamented dying on the ground. A star-ferrying commander deserved a more honorable end. Her worst fear festered. She hoped her boss’s final report would describe the Gibraltar's end as an emergency, atmospheric entry gone wrong.Hours passed. A stiff wind whipped hard around the ship. Workers hurried through their assigned tasks, fighting off fatigue. Vice Admiral Lanos directed her frustration at nearby technicians to move faster or face the storm."Chief Engineer Franklin, status report." Her contempt leaked over the commlink.“Ma’am we have power to all engines,” she reported with a solemn tone.“That’s good, why don’t you sound happy about this?”“Power levels top at 37%.”“And what’s the lowest level?”“27% ma’am.” Her words dipped into despair.“You’ve less than 5 hours to get us to 40% on each engine. I hear that festilian acid eats through a life suit in under 2 minutes, Ms. Franklin. I’d hate my last transmission to be a video of your suit dissolving, which I’d personally send to your family. Am I making myself clear?” She hissed.“Yes, you are, ma’am. We’ll be airborne.” Panic dotted her agreement.“Good, I look forward to being above this pathetic rock. Out.”The hours closed in like the brown dust settling across the Gibraltar’s dark exterior. Lanos hated the clock’s progression. She decided to take time in her personal quarters for a quiet moment. She held confidence in the clear consequences laid out for engineering. If I have to die on this rock, I’ll make them pay. I’ll make them all pay with their lives, she comforted herself. Her eyes closed as she lay back against her chair. The hologram table rang, shattering her serenity. She answered with faded hope.“Good news, Vice Admiral, the weather pattern’s shifted slightly,” her Atmospheric and Weather Officer reported.“How slightly?” Cautious optimism painted her tone.“Enough to buy engineering another hour, maybe two.”“What’s the bad news?” Experience taught the question’s value.“The weather pattern shifted against our models.”“Which means?”“Our models can’t fully predict future changes. We may lose time if new information resets the model.”“I need a working model now, Ms. Gyula.”"Yes, ma'am, I know. The problem is that the planet hasn't been studied. Every planet has its own 'personality.' Without the benefit of a long-term survey, our best guesses are only that, guesses," her inflection requested lenience."Let me make this clear, if you don't have a working, accurate model in when I check-in, you and your entire team will join Ms. Franklin, her team and the others outside."“Yes, I understand, ma’am.” Terror punctuated her tone.“I hope you do,” she replied with clear callousness. The holographic display evaporated. Vice Admiral Lanos surveyed an outside camera feed. Her face crinkled in disgust. I’ll sacrifice every person on this ship to be back among the stars.Vice Admiral Lanos strode to engineering command astride an armed detail. She entered the room with commanding resolve. Her security contingent held a militant position outside the doorway. Their intimidating presence increased the worker’s stress. The engineers and technicians avoided making eye contact with Lanos. She closed the distance to the officer in charge.“Chief Engineer Franklin.” Her pronounced words cut across the busy room.“Yes, ma’am.” The head engineering officer turned to face the interruption. She abandoned her task to meet with Vice Admiral Lanos. Franklin saluted. She restrained an overwhelming desire to pummel the commanding officer, dissuaded by the armed guards outside her work area.“You’ve one last chance for good news.”“Yes, ma’am we’re nearly ready. We’ve one last power re-route.”“And, I assume you’re doing that now?” Lanos surveyed the hectic room.Chief Engineer Franklin looked away. “The power transfer needs to be completed outside, ma’am.” Her voice shook.“Who’s out there making that happen?” The commander returned her sight back to the head engineer.“Ma’am, my team and everyone I could pull is being tasked with final repairs or re-routes. I don’t have anyone to spare for the outer conduits adjustment at the moment.” Lanos’s patience eroded. She shuddered at Franklin’s inability to delegate.“I can do it.” Vice Admiral Lanos offered through sneered teeth. The idea of walking on dirt made her queasy. She overrode her personal disgust for the Gibraltar’s sake.“Ma’am?” A confused wash passed over Franklin’s face.“I used to work as an engineer. I’ll get out and push if it means that we get to orbit.”"Yes, ma'am, it's an access panel just under the external elevator outside Airlock 42. I can guide you once you're at the conduit." “I’ll head to Airlock 42 now. Talk me through the instructions when I get out there.”“Yes, ma’am.”The commanding officer exited the engineering chaos. The security contingent remained in place. Technical Officer Holister addressed Franklin among the pandemonium.“Ma’am, we discovered a way to avoid the outside reroute. All power has been restored. We can be ready to lift off as soon as the board goes green.”“Thank you, Ms. Holister.” An idea grew wings in Chief Engineer Franklin’s head.She considered updating the Vice Admiral before her exit outside. Franklin reflected upon when the Vice-Admiral hastily jettisoned her secret lover out an airlock. The exhausted engineer chief hailed a trusted, junior officer.“We have an interesting development to discuss.”Vice Admiral Lanos soon realized who she would put in temporary command during her work outside. Her second-in-command continued to help the injured. Her third in command laid immobile on a bone repair bed. She crawled through her displeasure to Lieutenant Dorian Smithe. The consideration of Smithe being assigned temporary command during distress did little to buttress her situational optimism. Smithe served as a semi-competent officer carrying an obtuse ego. She came with a laid-back reputation, someone who viewed strict discipline as overbearing.  “Lieutenant Smithe, report.” Her words held whispers of contempt.“Here, ma’am.” The woman’s voice masked background annoyance."Come to the bridge. I have an issue that needs my attention elsewhere. I’m putting you in temporary charge of the Gibraltar until I get back or until Commander Hobson returns. Your only job is to be present for immediate decisions. You're there simply as a placeholder. Do you understand?"“Yes, ma’am, only as a placeholder until I’m relieved.” Lanos found the parroting to be borderline condescending.“Don’t make any decisions that can wait until I return. Have I made myself clear?” Relentless fatigue and frustration spilled out with accusatory venom.“Crystal clear, ma’am.”"Good, get to the command deck."“Moving out now, ma’am,” she replied. Smithe considered how to use the temporary power boost to avenge her sabotaged career. A short call from Franklin had happened at the most opportune time.“Out.” Lanos sighed with defeated resolution. Her academy mentor once instructed: a commanding officer’s job is to remedy bad situations with inadequate resources or information, all while making sure the mission gets accomplished. Lanos’s head hung at the dilemma.Vice Admiral Lanos hadn't worn a life suit since before commanding the Navigator. The thin, lightweight material clung to her shape like a purple blanket soaked in water and applied to her skin. The clear faceplate activated after adhering to the flush suit. She exited the airlock onto a waiting external elevator. The platform ferried her downward. The airlock door sealed high above. Lanos took her first planetary steps in decades. Rocky pebbles crunched under each footfall as she moved towards the hull.“Chief Engineer Franklin, come in.” Intense focus filled her voice.“Franklin here.”“Let’s get this done.”“The conduits are behind an access panel near the elevator drop-off. It’ll be a bright yellow door marked TEPB12.”Vice Admiral Lanos walked across the rocky disposition. She longed to walk along the predictable, smooth hallways. Every step degraded her slipping morale. The elevator silently lifted upwards, back into its internal bay as Vice Admiral Lanos searched across the metal superstructure.“I don’t see it. How big is the access panel?”“The panel is obvious, about the size of a loaf of bread. T-E-P-B-1-2.”“I see it,” she sighed with relief. Lanos slipped the hatch backward. Several brightly colored conduits absorbed her attention.“Ok, good, what needs to be done first?” Her question filled with unusual anxiety. Her internal clock ticked at her earpiece's muteness.“Chief Engineer Franklin, come in.” She enunciated. Silence filled her helmet. The ship’s exterior began to rumble. Fear catapulted through her body. Her eyes grew wide in panic. She trembled under her craft.“Chief Engineer Franklin, this is Vice Admiral Lanos, I order you to respond.” Her words shook into the microphone.“I’m sorry, Jane.” Lieutenant Smithe offered through the helmet’s speakers. A half moment passed. Lanos evaluated her developing situation.“Smithe, don’t you do it. Don’t you dare think of leaving, you fucking traitor.” Anger poured through her lips. Instinctively, she looked upwards at the hulking ship."I'm so sorry. This has to be done. The days of your fear-mongering have come to an end. Consider yourself relieved of command." The communication link went silent. Her thin gloved hand worked an external control to regain ship communications. Dammit, they blocked my feed, she panicked under her breath.The ground rumbled. Lanos sprinted from the ship’s perimeter, attempting to clear the coming blast area. She wondered if her traitorous crew would give her that much. Her reinforced boots dug into the pebble-laden ground leaving shallow prints. Tears blurred her vision. She timed the waning seconds. Her feet struggled against the unfamiliar sandy ground. She thought about the approaching storm. One problem at a time, solve one problem at a time, she told herself. The overpowering blast lifted her backward at an angle. Her body slammed hard against the brownish soil, dirtying the shoulder-mounted SS Gibraltar patch. Her breath escaped in jagged bursts. She lay motionless. Her heads-up display registered minor injuries to her left arm and ribs. The suit’s internal components began its automated healing protocol.Vice Admiral Lanos struggled to open her eyes. She struggled to her feet against the pain. She watched the Gibraltar’s outline grow smaller in the distance. Its orange-tinted engines kicked in. A small light flash terminated her command as the ship disappeared into the distance. She stood alone, exposed and hopeless. Lanos watched the darkened, magenta clouds creep closer as if taunting her.Time passed as the storm began its final approach. A lone sun slung high opposite the storm, casting long shadows. The wind picked up speed. Debris began bouncing off her suit. Lanos had enough. She charged towards the storm with her head held high. Preliminary drops hissed against her life suit. Warning alerts rang inside the heads-up display. ACIDIC CONDITIONS DETECTED. SEEK SHELTER IMMEDIATELY. She sprinted across the open landscape ignoring her overwhelming fatigue. Lanos took a finality of last breaths. Well, fuck, she exhaled.A festilian acid torrent ripped through the dust-laden sky. Raindrops attacked her purple exterior. Wind-swept drops ate their way through her suit in minutes. The invading liquid burned through her skin in seconds. She stumbled in helpless agony. Impotent alarms trumpeted. Her screams evolved into a bubbled gurgling as vulnerable flesh disintegrated. The storm overcame Vice Admiral Jane Lanos. An unrecognizable metallic, fleshy gel lay in waste. The last remnants sizzled off the ground as the storm carried ahead.A ship-wide funeral service for the lost commander took the crew from their duties. Some of the crew attended with tears, others holding back impolite elation. Lt. Smithe’s official report to Command indicated how continual situational stress disoriented Vice Admiral Lanos causing her increased confusion and hostility. The statement described Lanos accosting several crew members, then locking herself in the airlock until she jumped to her death before departure. The Gibraltar’s Chief Engineer confirmed the report’s integrity. Several engineering technicians agreed to the same observations. Lieutenant Smithe accepted Chief Admiral Helen Kominsky’s sincere gratitude and an impromptu Junior Commander promotion for her life-saving initiative to save the SS Gibraltar. Chief Engineer Franklin accepted a Distinguished Ingenuity Award for the capital ship’s timely repairs before the storm’s arrival. Smithe and Franklin shared a clandestine moment in Smithe’s private quarters. They toasted Vice Admiral Lanos’s painful death and their future together aboard the SS Gibraltar.
 How we got here is unimportant. What matters is we are here. For now, at least.We deal with the reality like most of us deal with weight gain.I must have drunk a lot of water today.That extra weight is because I'm wearing pants on the scale.It's innocent enough, especially if it helps you live a less worried life.So when the clouds begin to come together in a beautiful and dark ensemble, the rain will come down, and people will disappear. A single drop of the Earth's new premium beverage gives us a chance to go away. To exist only for ourselves and please no one in the way.This particular rain started just five years ago, in small pockets across the Pacific Ocean. There were rumors among fishermen that one drop of the rain would lose you the burden of seeing yourself. For a few minutes, but it was still almost magical. Of course, then they all figured it was a drug. Polluted clouds or unsafe ocean water.It wasn't until the clouds started forming on land. Sacramento was the first to experience it. There was a strange orange thickness in the dark clouds. The water was hot, and some swore they saw a spark when it hit the ground. Just another sign the world is falling apart, we said.Calvin O'Connor was the teenager who first disappeared. He was outside with his friends in Sacramento when he was dared to open his mouth in the fiery rain.By this point, the rumors from the boating community floated onto land and into the country. At best, the rain gave you a little buzz. At worst, it was bull shit.The thought of being invisible excited Calvin, In more ways than one. So he said fuck it, and pointed his face up and opened wide.Travis Stevenson screamed like a goat. You wouldn't blame him, seeing his friend vanish from thin air. How the hell can his mind do this? It must be his brain screwing around. But the rest of the group stood in shock, mouths open. One passed out, but no one can remember who.There was video footage posted online. News anchors weren’t quite sure what to make of it. It looked extraordinary, but so does a lot of fake shit online.A video of a Sacramento teenager' dissapearing into thin air' after drinking what locals call 'magic rain' is going viral. Watch here as a teenager drinks a raindrop and ‘magically’ disappears. The teenagers claim the video is undoctored, but plenty of people on social media doubt it. The news anchor laughs throughout her report.If only I could get some of that bottled up for my in-laws. The weatherman remarks with a dismissive grin.⇼Johnson gathers himself off the floor. Sweat races down his face and drips onto the toilet bowl. How much more of his insides could he project? He feels like he should check the bowl for an intestine.He needs to snap out of it. He's required here. Washing his face with cold water, Johnson attempts to spit out any loose vomit still logged in his mouth. He didn't buy any more Listerine strips. He was trying to speak confidence into existence.Johnson opens the door and walks out into the secure office. He takes his baton and taser and takes a deep breath.He looks out the window and views the empty prison cells. It's dark and dull. It looks like an abanded government project that gets broken into by a bunch of nosey Youtubers. But Johnson knows the minute he steps out of the security officer's safe box, there is a high probability he won't come back.The silence speaks louder than trains. Convicts walk around slowly, waiting to pounce on their prey. Johnson begins his rounds across the prison. On the third floor, he walks by cell after cell, all smelling of sweat and boredom. Half-eaten food litters the floors. Bloodstains sprinkle across the rooms. Once blood leaves the body, it becomes visible to others. Johnson wishes it wouldn't.The prisoners like to play games with the guards while they do their rounds. Stay quiet while they step forward into the dark halls. Then someone will make a loud bang right behind them. The guards draw their batons and start swinging at the air. There is nothing more humiliating than looking like a paranoid prison guard. Maybe getting murdered by an invisible man. Or, to our eyes, getting murdered by nothing.Years after the rain discovery, perverts and criminals flocked to Sacramento to try and get the magic. People became paranoid, locking their doors and investing in complex security equipment, setting traps for potential break-ins. People with warrants suddenly went missing. Stores started closing their doors because they couldn't keep up with the theft.Embracing another recession, the government got involved and wrote The Invisible Americans Act that guaranteed justice against invisible individuals who committed crimes. Thus began construction of something inconceivable- a prison that holds only invisible convicts. The reception was a relief. Yet, it was wishful thinking. You can feel, hit, and punish invisible people, but only if you know where they are.Controlling the prisoners became impossible when thousands of convicts were shipped within the manner of days. A check-in system worked well for a week, but the government couldn't wait to send as many people as they could. To get rid of the problem. Some of the people hadn't even faced trials. They were shoved into vans and sent away.Now Johnson stops in the common room. Only one person is let out of their cage at a time. Johnson is the only guard who steps onto the open floor. The only guard who tries to communicate with the empty people. Tonight, it's Marcel's turn to get out of his box."Marcel where are you at?""On the couch, why?" Marcel questions defensively."Cause I was gonna sit there but I figured you don't want my fat ass on top of you," Johnson snickers."Hey it'd be the most action I've gotten all year," Marcel rebuts. They both laugh.Johnson sits on a chair close to the couch. He takes his hands off his belt, lets himself be vulnerable despite his fear."How has it been, you know, despite everything?" Johnson asks seriously."Despite not getting food? Despite not even being able to clean the bathrooms because they can't trust us with mops?"Johnson sighs."I know, I'm fighting with them on that. They have to be less scared of you all. But you can't blame them, can you? What did you all do to the last three guards?""We gave them what they deserved," Marcel raises his voice.Johnson gets closer and folds his hands in front of his body."I'm trying to fix things, Marcel. Give me some time. Go a week without doing something dumb. Put yourself in our shoes."Marcel looks at Johnson. Johnson stares at an empty couch. Eye contact is essential.Marcel considers what to say and do next. He replays Johnson's remarks.Put yourself in our shoes. "You first," he says quietly."What?" Johnson asks, confused. "Do wha-"Marcel grabs Johnson's neck and slams him to the ground. He's easily a hundred pounds lighter, yet he has all the power. He lays on top of him and grabs a bottle with his right hand from his pants. His left hand is choking Johnson. Johnson's hands try to hold Marcel's face. He claws at him and finds his eyeball, and pokes. Marcel screams, holds him even harder."God DAMN it," he screams to Johnson.Marcel puts the bottle in his teeth to open the cap. The sound of the lid hitting the floor makes Johnson scream.He's not trying to kill me, he thinks. He wants me to become one of them."NO!" he cries, but it's too late. Marcel shoves the bottle down his throat. Johnson gurgles the water desperately, but all he needs is one drop. One drop to become nothing. One drop that turns clothing into nothing once it's on the skin.Johnson feels it go into his throat. Stored invisible water wasn't as adequate- only a 60 percent chance of taking hold. He stops struggling, knowing Marcel won't try to do anything else.They wait a long while. Johnson becomes hopeful. He doesn't feel anything happening. He just needs to get up. Needs to get a good angle to take Marcel down.Before he can think too hard, he starts to see bright orange like a prison outfit. He hasn't seen one of those here in a long while, even though all inmates wear them. Right in front of him, he sees an oversized orange shirt and white tennis shoes below that.How can that be? Johnson thinks. All clothing on invisible prisoners also becomes invisible. That's when the face came. A look full of a smirk, of satisfaction, right in front of him."Welcome to our side," Marcel says. Johnson looks around the room and sees dozens of orange outfits and dozens of smirking faces.He screams, but it’s too late. 
 When I first see the old man, he’s lying in bed, watching the falling rain. His room Shady Grove Elder Care Facility is small, the bed placed so it faces the room’s only window. Fat raindrops strike the glass in a rhythmic cadence, sliding down, leaving meandering trails that cast strange shadows across the gloomy space.The nurse puts a hand on my arm, stopping me in the doorway. “Just a warning,” she says. “Bob Mitchell is a… special case.”“Special?” I already don’t want to be here, and now it sounds worse than I expected. “How?”“Well, he’s been diagnosed with a severe attention deficit disorder. Likely due to senile dementia. He spends a lot of time just lying there, staring at nothing, unresponsive. Especially this time of year. Don’t be discouraged if he doesn’t react to you. Okay?”“Right.”She gives me an encouraging smile. “Just talk to him, act natural, but don’t expect a lively and stimulating conversation.”My gaze darts from her to the motionless figure in the bed. “Got it.”“Mr. Mitchell,” the nurse raises her voice. “I’ve brought someone to visit you. This is Ryan. Think you’re up for some company right now?”There’s no reply. The old man doesn’t even blink. She seems to take this as a good sign.“Okay,” she checks her phone. “According to the terms of your community service, you have three hours to spend, ah, visiting with our residents.” She glances at me. “We’ll try it a half hour at a time to start. Your thirty minutes begin… now.” She backs out of the room, closing the door behind her.I stare at the door for a second, then heave a sigh, and look around the room. Spartan is the best word for it. A bed, a chair next to it, no other furniture. There’s a TV mounted in one corner, but it’s turned off, not even plugged in. An oxygen tank sits by the bed, a nasal cannula running from it to the old man’s face. There are no pictures on the walls, no cards from loved ones, no flowers. But somehow, it doesn’t feel as… sad as it should. It’s like it doesn’t matter to Bob Mitchell, so it shouldn’t matter to anyone.I know from the nurse’s brief orientation that Bob Mitchell is ninety-four, widowed, no surviving children, no other known relations. He checked himself into Shady Grove six years ago, and since then he’s spent more and more of his time lying in that bed, staring out the window.“Mr. Mitchell?” I say, leaning towards him. The skin of his face is age-spotted, with that papery, brittle look. Strangely, though, his eyes are clear and bright, focused, moving slowly, like he’s reading or watching something. “Can you hear me? Is there anything you’d like to talk about?”He gives no sign that he’s aware of me.I purse my lips. Maybe this won’t be so bad. “So, how are you today? Good? That’s great. Me? I’m doing just fine, thanks for asking.” I shrug off my coat, glance at the old man. Still no response. He’s just keeps staring at the window. I follow his gaze. “Yeah, it’s really coming down. Forecast says it’s supposed to rain for the rest of the week. But that’s autumn around here. Not that I mind, to tell you the truth. I kinda like the rain; takes me back, you know?”“Is that so?”The sound of his voice is so unexpected, coming just as I’m sitting down in the lone chair, that I freeze. I look at Mr. Mitchell, only to find those sharp eyes looking back at me.“Excuse me?”“I said, is that so? Does the rain really take you back?”“Um, yeah.” I glance at the window. “Well, you know, it reminds me of other times, other places.”“Good ones or bad ones?”I hesitate. “A bit of both. I guess it’s more a feeling than anything else.” I look back at the old man. “How about you? Does the rain take you back?”“Oh, very much so,” he says, returning his gaze to the window. “Very much.”Silence falls over the room again. I clear my throat. “So, Mr. Mitchell—”“Just call me Bob.”“Right.” The silence comes back, stretching for an awkward minute. “So,” I say at last. “Anything you want to talk about? Sports? Politics? Or maybe you have a book you’d like me to read to you?”Bob breathes out a sigh. “Sonny, if it’s all the same to you, I’d like to just lie here and watch the rain fall. You okay with that?”“Sure. We can do that.” I only have to be here a half hour. We can spend it any way he’d like.I settle back in my chair, focusing on the window, and the trails of water streaming down it. It’s a nice sight, calming and soothing. After a minute, I almost feel like I’m slipping into a trance, like I’m being hypnotized.Then an image flashes before my eyes, clear and vivid. It’s a young woman, beautiful, with dark hair and eyes, smiling as she looks at me. Her hair and clothes are old fashioned, from the Fifties or Sixties. She’s standing in the falling rain, soaking wet, strands of hair plastered to her face. But she still seems so happy…I start violently, jerking in the chair, and the picture vanishes.“Something wrong, sonny?”Feeling strange, like I just woke from a dream, I glance at Bob. He’s eyeing me intently. “No,” I say. “No. Nothing. I must’ve dozed off, had a dream.”“Really? What kind of dream?”I shake my head. “Just a… a picture. A woman smiling, standing in the rain.”Bob shifts in his bed, the metal frame creaking as he turns toward me. “Is that so? Well, that’s never happened before.”“What? What’s never happened before?”Bob’s shoulders lift in a shrug. “It’s just that I’ve never had anyone else go back with me, that’s all.”“Go back?”He smiles, a sheepish grin, but there’s a wary look in his eyes. “When I said the rain takes me back, sonny, I meant it literally. It’s something I’ve been able to do for as long as I can remember. When I watch the falling rain, I can travel back to other times, points in my life when the rain was falling.”I just stare at him for a moment. Okay. So Bob doesn’t just have an attention disorder or dementia: he’s certifiable.“I can tell you don’t believe me,” Bob says. He takes a deep breath. “So let’s try something.”One hand reaches out, coming to rest on my arm. I flinch at his touch, so light and dry, like a butterfly resting against my skin. It’s a struggle not to pull away.Then I’m somewhere else. The room around me is gone, replaced by what looks like a living room, in someone’s home. Everything is so different, so old fashioned, like a period movie set a century ago. But my attention is caught by the sight of a little boy, no more than five or six. He’s perched on a sofa, kneeling against the backrest, staring out a window at the falling rain.“What?” I manage to gasp.The hand on my arm tightens, and I look down to see Bob next to me, still lying in his bed. We’re both here, he in his bed and me in my chair, in this unfamiliar room. But, somehow, we aren’t out of place. It’s like we’re the fourth wall: no one in the scene is supposed to notice us.“Don’t be afraid,” Bob says. “We’re in one of my memories.” He sighs. “And not one of my fondest.”Across the room from the boy, the door opens. The sound of the rain flows into the space, the soft patter of falling drops, accompanied by that damp, fresh smell that rain always brings. A man stands in the doorway, soaking wet, his coat dripping.“Robert,” he says, his voice very faint. He takes a step into the room, a slowly shuffling motion, like he can’t quite remember how to walk. “Robert, I need to talk to you. There’s something I need to tell you.”The boy doesn’t turn around. It’s clear he’s trying not to listen, not to acknowledge that the man is even there. But his shoulders hunch, as if he’s preparing for a blow.“It’s… it’s your mother,” the man says. Looking at him, I can see the resemblance to the man lying in the bed beside me.“Yes,” Bob whispers, his voice soft and pained. “That’s my father.”“Robert,” the man takes another step into the room. “She’s gone. The doctors did all they could, but… She didn’t make it.”The boy still doesn’t turn around. He stares out at the rain, his features scrunching up, like he’s trying to fight tears. His hands clutch the sofa, twisting the fabric. The first tears start to trickle from his eyes.The scene dissolves, and Bob and I are back in his room.I stand up, fast, shaking off Bob’s hand and backing away. “What was that? How did you do that?”“Sorry,” Bob says, though he sounds distracted. “I had to be sure. This is a first for me, you see.”“Yeah,” I say. “Look, if this is some joke or something, then ‘ha ha’. You got me. But how did you do that?”Bob smiles up at me. “Like I said, it’s something I’ve always been able to do. I like to think of it as a gift.”I give a ragged laugh. “You expect me to believe that you can travel back in time?”“More or less. I don’t actually travel, not physically. It’s more like watching a rerun. I’m there, but I’m not there. I can’t speak to anyone or touch anything.” He looks away. “Can’t change anything.”This is crazy. Literally. I’m torn between calling for the nurse and just walking out.“Tell you what, sonny,” Bob says. “Let’s try that again, only this time, you take the lead.”“What? Are you out of your mind?”The old man snorts. “Trust me, my wits are the one thing I haven’t lost.” His features droop is a sad frown. “The one thing.” He shakes his head, rouses himself. “Come on, just give it a try. If it doesn’t work, then you can call me a crazy old coot and leave.”I’m ready to do just that, but something stops me. Just a little nagging voice, telling me that maybe this is real, maybe the rain really can take me back. I glance at the window, still streaked with raindrops. What do I have to lose? Better yet, what could I gain?“Fine,” I say, slowly resuming my seat. “But I still think this is a trick.”“If it is, sonny,” Bob places his hand on my arm again, “then it’s been played on both of us.”An instant later, we’re both somewhere else.It’s outside, in the rain. Before us is what can only be a schoolyard, a chain link fence surrounding an open area. Swing sets and jungle gyms glisten wetly in the diffuse light, neglected for the moment, as everyone present has gathered into a crowd around two figures. Two boys, young teenagers. They’re grappling and struggling, pushing and shoving at each other, grunting out curses and insults.I realize I’m still sitting in the chair. Bob’s still beside me in his bed. Again, we’re there, but we’re not there. The rain can’t seem to touch us. We’re just observers, remote and powerless, only there in spirit or mind.As we watch, one of the struggling figures swings a clenched fist into the other’s face. He falls to the ground, his hand going to his cheek.I raise my hand to my own face, feeling the memory of that blow.“Scrappy, weren’t you?” Bob says.“Yeah.” I can’t look away, even as I answer. “I was always getting into fights. Even now. They tell me I have anger issues. It’s why I’m doing community service. But this time… this time...”I can’t finish, but I don’t need to. The fallen teenager surges back to his feet, a hard, cold look on his face. He charges back at the other boy, barreling into him, taking them both to the ground. He draws back a fist and drives it into his opponent’s face. Then he does it again. And again. After the third or fourth hit, the other kid stops resisting, going limp. But the attacker—me—doesn’t stop. He keeps punching his senseless victim, putting his whole body into each blow. The other kid’s head bounces off the ground. Around them, the onlookers have gone silent, staring in uneasy surprise, shocked by the brutality. By my brutality.A shrill whistle cuts through the air. A man, a teacher, pushes his way through the gaggle of onlooker. He grabs hold of my teenage self and pulls me away. I can see myself struggle against him, so full of uncontrolled rage that I want nothing more than to lash out and hurt someone, anyone. Even myself.I look away then, and the scene fades. An instant later, we’re back in Bob’s room.Bob lifts his hand away from my arm. For a moment, he says nothing, just stares at me. Finally, he clears his throat. “Sorry about that,” he says. “I shouldn’t pry into your memories. But I had to be sure.”I stand there, numb, still lost in the past. But I don’t doubt anymore. “How is this possible?”Bob shrugs. “I don’t know. How is anything possible?”I draw a shuddering breath. “So, this is what you do, huh? Spend your time watching the past? That why everyone thinks you have an attention disorder?”“Beats daytime TV,” Bob replies.“Do you… control which memories you see?” I askBob sighs. “Not exactly. Sometimes I see happier times, sometimes sadder. I think maybe it—this ability, or power—picks up on things. Sometimes it shows me what I want to see. Sometimes it shows me what I need to see.” He pauses. “Let’s try again, shall we?”I’m not sure I want to see any more, but I don’t want to leave it like this. I nod, and Bob rests his frail hand on my arm again.A flood of images rush past my eyes, moving in a blur, so fast that nothing stands out. It’s like I’ve spun a roulette wheel, and now wait to see what number comes up.Then we’re on a porch, outside of a small house, in some remote part of the world. Forest surrounds the building, thick stands of spruce and fir trees, in vibrant green hues that are only enhanced by the gray skies and the curtain of misty rain.A figure stands before us, a man, his features indistinct in the dim light. He’s swaying back and forth, rocking slightly, staring out at the forest. And then I notice a small bundle in his arms, a small form cradled against his chests.I start visibly, leaning forward. A strange sensation courses through me, a mingling of hope and fear, a feeling of desire and loss so strong it’s staggering.“Ryan?” Bob’s voice is like a splash of cold water, bracing and reviving. “You okay?”“Yeah,” I say, my voice hoarse. “Yeah.”The man on the porch lifts the baby in his arms, kissing the small head with its sparse covering of dark hairs. There’s a creak of metal, and a screen door opens. The man glances over his shoulder, smiling as a woman emerges from the house. She comes up to stand beside the man and slips an arm around him. For a long moment, they just stand that way, staring at each other. Then the man bends down, and their lips meet.“That’s you?” Bob asks, softly.“Yeah.”“Who’s she?”I take a moment to answer, staring at the scene. “Megan. And that’s David.” I swallow. “My family.”“You lost them.” It’s not a question.“I drove them away.”The woman, my wife when she was mine, turns and heads back for the door, catching hold of the man’s hand and leading him along with her. The screen door creaks open again, and then closes behind them.The scene dissolves, the colors running together like a painting left in the rain.I take a shaky breath, wipe at the tears in my eyes. “Incredible,” I whisper when I can speak again.“No,” Bob says, the strength in his voice surprising. “It’s amazing. Wonderful. But it’s not beyond belief.”“Bob,” I say, licking dry lips. “Have you ever told anyone else about this?”He shakes his head. “No. Who would believe me? I’ve never been able to show it to anyone before. So I just keep it to myself, and go back whenever the rain falls.”“You were right,” I say. “It’s a gift.” And maybe it’s something more. Maybe it does show us what we need to see, help us feel what we need to feel. Maybe, just maybe, it lets us know that it isn’t too late.I can’t change the past, but maybe I can do something about the future.Just then, there’s a knock at the door. It opens, and the nurse pokes her head in. “Half hour’s up. How’re we doing?”“Fine,” I say. “Just fine.” I look down at Bob; he stares back at me, something hopeful in his expression. “Bob, I need to go now. There’s… something I need to do. But can I come back tomorrow and visit you again?”He nods. “I’d like that, Ryan.”I stand, slip on my coat. “I’ll see you then, Bob. I’ll come back, and we’ll watch the falling rain together.”
 *THUMP*You know that moment when you get woke up from a deep sleep but don't know why or what woke you up? Trying to squint and focus my eyes, I grab my phone to see what time it is. 3:47 am, great. I lay the phone back down on my nightstand. I sling my covers off and sit up, because of course, now I've got to pee. Why does this happen? The first night in two months that I was able to fall asleep early, and for whatever reason, my body says, nope, not tonight, Daphne.*THUMP THUMP*I almost pee myself, "What the hell was that?" Switching on the lamp by my bed, I sit completely still to see if I can hear where exactly the noise is coming from.*THUMP*My eyes shoot up to the ceiling. The roof? That sounded way too big to be a raccoon or a possum. Living on your own is great and all, except for the fact you are the only one who can go find out what the scary noises are late at night. And living in the mountains, there is no telling what kind of creature is going to scare the life out of you. I grab my phone and start down the stairs. When I get to the bottom, I see a shadow pass by the front door. Who or what the heck was that? I stop and listen. When I don't hear anything, I start sneaking up to the door. My heart starts beating so hard that it's all I can hear. Come on, Daph, it's probably just a raccoon. I hear more faint thuds in the distance. Then I hear what sounds like something break on my back deck. "What the heck is going on out there?" I whisper to myself. I have 911 already dialed on my phone, just in case. I finally get to the front door and take a breath before I peek out the little curtain covering the glass on my front door.*BANG BANG*I let out a squeal and fall back to the floor."Hey, is someone awake in there? Can you please let us in?" That's a guy. Why is a random guy banging on my door in the middle of the night? What if he's a murderer? Wait, he said, us. There's more than just him. Oh god, what if I get gang-raped or tortured, or what if they steal me and sell me on the black market as a sex slave? Is this going to be like that movie The Strangers?*BANG BANG*Shit, shit, shit. I hit 911."We're not going to hurt you, we don't know where we are, and we're completely naked. Please! It's fucking cold out here."Naked? Did he say naked?"911, what's your emergency?"Why are they naked?"Hello? Are you okay? If you can hear me press a number." Oh, crap, the operator. "I am so sorry. I must've butt-dialed you." And I ended the call. Naked men are standing outside my door. This can't be happening. Am I dreaming? Based on the fall to my ass, no. I sneak back up to the door and have my hand on the deadbolt. "Why are y'all naked?"A few seconds tick by, "We don't know." His deep raspy voice sounds strained."Just let us the fuck in, would you!" Another voice says."Shut up, dude. She's freaking out. She's probably here by herself." Yet another voice says. So, there are three out there. "Come on. We're not going to hurt you. We're naked and freezing, so we obviously have no weapons."Weapons. Right. I look around the foyer and see my tennis racket. I grab it, take a deep breath, and whisper to nobody in particular, "please don't let me die or get raped." Then I open the door.Standing there on my little covered porch are three of the sexiest men I have ever seen in my life. All naked and drenched from head to toe. They're all standing there with their hands covering their junk and shaking from the cold. Naked men are on my porch. Soaking wet. Am I dreaming?One of them lets out a cough. "Oh god, I'm sorry, come in, come in." I step aside and push the door open to let them pass. As they walk in one at a time, I can't help but look. All of them look like they could've been plucked right out of a magazine. My eyes travel down their backsides to their feet and notice the water dripping to the floor. I shut and lock the door and turn around to all three of them standing there staring at me. Heat rushes to my face."Thank you for letting us in." My eyes shoot to the tanned guy with long black hair."It's fine. It's. You're welcome." God. I can't even talk. "Let me go get some towels." I head back up the stairs to my bathroom. My head is spinning. How is this happening right now? Why is this happening? Where did they come from? I grab three towels from my bathroom closet. Daph, they're going to need clothes. Do I have anything that can even cover them? I rummage through my closet and come up with nothing. I dig through my drawers and find some sweatpants. If anything, we can cut the bottoms off. Thank the lord I like to wear oversized t-shirts to sleep in. Oh no. I look down and suddenly realize I am walking around in my house with three naked men with just a t-shirt and panties. I quickly slip on a pair of sweats myself. I can hear them talking as I head back down the stairs."I don't know. All I remember is...". I step off the bottom step, "Here yuns go." They all turn around, and my breath catches. They're all so beautiful. The tanned one with long dark hair and tattoos looks like a biker. He's got deep dark eyes and massive arms. I hold out the towels. Each of them says thank you as they each grab one. "I also found some shirts and sweatpants. I don't know how well they'll fit, considering how big y'all are." I let out a little giggle. The Thor-like guy smiles, and I swear my knees bout give out. He's got blonde hair and beautiful green eyes."I'm sure they'll do for now." I look to the left at the tattooed 50 Cent look-alike. He's got tattoos covering his arms and even one on his neck. His big, luscious lips curve up in the sexiest smile.I turn my back towards them to give them a little privacy. "What are y'all's names?" A few seconds go by. Maybe they don't want anyone to know who they are."Well, we can't remember our names, miss." 50 Cent look-alike says. Strange."Where did y'all come from?""We don't know exactly." Biker guy says."So y'all don't remember anything at all? That's a little strange, don't you think?"How did they end up naked and in the middle of the woods at my house?"What's even stranger is the fact we know we are speaking English; we are aware this is Earth, and we remember falling." Thor look-alike says.I turn at this. "Falling? What do you mean falling?" By this time, they all have their sweatpants on. I wish I could take a picture because they all look like they're wearing cute yoga pants.They all look at each other like they're contemplating whether to tell me or not. Thor steps towards me. Instinctively I take a step back. Crap, I put the tennis racket down somewhere.He puts his hands up and says, "I promise, we are not going to hurt you. We are as confused by this as you are." He rubs his face and lets out a sigh. Good grief, how can someone be this gorgeous. "The only thing either of us remembers is falling." He looks me in the eye like he wants me to say something. But what am I supposed to say? I don't know what he means by falling—falling off a truck? Falling out of the sky? No. That's ridiculous.He continues, "Falling from the sky." No way. How? Are they aliens? Oh my god, like Superman?!My heart starts beating fast. "How is that possible? How could you have survived falling from..." Falling from where? "Falling from where exactly?" I know what they're going to say, but how could that be possible? Nobody could survive falling from a plane. But what if it wasn't a plane, Daph?They look at each other, and the biker guy says, "The sky.". They all look at me like they're expecting me to laugh or faint or something. But I came to the realization early on that this whole situation isn't normal. Better to just roll with it and try to figure out what is going on. Right? Right. Did we even look up at the sky? I start towards the door.50's look-alike says, "Where are you going?"I turn to look at the gorgeous God-like men standing in my foyer dressed in my cute clothes. "None of us thought to look up. Maybe we can see something up there." They all follow me out the door. I step out from under the porch roof and into the darkness. When I look up, I don't see anything. It looks like a typical night sky covered in storm clouds. Thunder rumbles and lightning lights up the sky in the distance."This doesn't make any sense. I don't see anything but clouds." I turn to look at the guys. The light from the porch has silhouetted their bodies, but I can still make out their chiseled faces and broad shoulders.I take one last look at the sky and let out a breath, "Let's go back inside. I'll fix y'all something to eat and drink."We start walking back to the porch when I fill a sprinkle of rain hit my cheek.*THUD*All of us stop dead in our tracks. Oh no, not another one. I slowly turn around and squint my eyes; I see a dark figure in the yard slowly stand up. Lightening lights up the sky, and I see the glistening skin of another naked man. Thunder booms, and the rain picks up.*THUD THUD THUD*More dark figures appear in the grass.*THUD*I start slowly backing up. "Guys. What's happening?"*THUD THUD*Thor grabs me and pulls me against his chest, "I don't know, Daphne."My head jerks up, "How do you know my name?"He looks just as startled as I do. "I don't know. It just came to me."The other two get in front of me as we slowly back up to the porch.*THUD THUD THUD BANG BANG*I let out a squeal. There's more landing on the roof. Lightning lights up the sky once more, but this time when we look out into the yard, there are more glistening naked bodies than we can count, and it doesn't look like the rain is going to stop anytime soon. Well, this can't be good.
 Betsie stumbled in through the front door, furled her umbrella and stripped off her raincoat. The first rainstorm of spring was always a doozy!“Grandma, have you seen Susan today?”“Ya! In da basement.”“What’s she doing this time?”“Vell, dis time she ist buildingk a maksheen!”“A machine?”“Ya!”“What kind of machine?”“I dunno. I dunno vat dat liddle gorl ist doingk half da time anyvays.”“Well, she is pretty smart...”“Priddy schmardt? Priddy schmardt? Let me tell you somt'ing: Dat liddle gorl ist da schmartest liddle gorl dat I've ever heard uff!”“Grandma, she's nineteen. She's not a little girl!” said Betsie. Susan was her best friend, but grandma was “Grandma” to everyone.“I dun't care about dat! To me, she vill alvays be my liddle gorl!”Betsie just shrugged. Once grandma locked on to an idea, it was impossible to shake her off. She looked up as Susan entered the room. Susan always made an entrance.“Hi Susan!”“Hi Betsie, darling! How are you doing?” Susan beamed her billion-kilowatt smile.“Grandma says you have a new project going on in the basement. Whatcha building?”“Oh, a time machine." Susan looked about as nonchalant as anyone ever had.“A time machine? Haha! Come on! Are you serious?”“I am.”“Right!” Betsie hoped she hid the epic eye-roll. Susan's piercing blue eyes were enigmatic. “What are you going to do with it?”Susan shrugged. “I dunno. Time-travel, I guess.”“Time travel!” Betsie laughed.“Come and look!”They made their way to the doorway in the back of the kitchen and down the steep staircase to the cool basement.“Dun't you make fun o' her!” said grandma, sharply. She was standing at the top of the stairway. Navigating stairs was somewhat problematical with her arthritic knees.“I'm not, Grandma!”Susan leaned both hands on the edge of the bench. It was covered in a jumble of parts, machines and half-finished projects. She smiled; satisfied, apparently, then spun delicately to face Betsie. “Well, what do you think?” Her waves of strawberry-blond hair shone in the dim light.“About what?” Betsie had no idea which object in the jumble she was supposed to look at.“The time machine.”“Umm, where is it?”“Right here!” Susan pointed to a spot on the workbench.“Where?”“This!” Susan picked up a cigarette-pack sized plastic box from amid the rubble of the bench-top. Tiny red, yellow and green lights flashed seemingly at random. There was some cryptic writing next to the buttons on the side that Betsie couldn't decipher.“That's a time machine?”“Yes! Why? Are you surprised?” said Susan.“Well, kinda. I just thought it would be bigger.”“I solved the spatial-displacement problem too, with a special transmogrifier.” said Susan. Betsie had rarely seen her look so pleased.“What do you mean?”“Well, the Earth is moving around the Sun.”“I know.”“Okay, the Earth and our solar system are moving around the galaxy at about 220 kilometres per second. That means, if you go back in time to this spot we're at right now, there's nothing there. Also, the galaxy itself is moving toward something called ‘The Great Attractor’. That adds even more distance from the place where the Earth was 200 years ago. So, if you went back in time - say 200 years - at this very spot, there wouldn't be anything here at all.”“Not anything?”“Nothing! You'd just be dumped out into empty space. But my transmogrifier solves that. It puts you where Earth is in whatever time period you choose.”“So, it's also a spaceship?”“Mmmmm... not really. More of a temporal and spacial displacement device.”“Well, that sounds pretty cool. So um... could we try it out?”“Sure! Where do you want to go? Or 'when' I guess I should say.”“The 1890s!”“That sounds like wonderful fun!”“We're gonna need some money.”“I have just the thing!” Susan glanced at the top of the staircase. Grandma was gone; probably wandered back to her chair in the living-room. “Grandma has some gold coins she's had hidden away for decades,” she said, quietly. “I know where they are.”“She'll kill us if she finds out!” said Betsie.“Don't worry. What we're about to bring back will more than make up for it!” said Susan.“It will?”“Yes! Absolutely!”“Well...” Betsie knew better than to argue. “OK.”Susan was about as stubborn a person as she'd ever met. Once she made up her mind, there was no stopping her.They made their way swiftly through the house to grandma's room. “She keeps her valuables under the bed,” said Susan.“This box?” Betsie was already reaching under there, groping for and pulling out, a big dusty box.“Yes! That one! Let's see it. Set it up here. See? Down in the bottom.” Susan rifled through the contents until her fingers met two antique twenty dollar gold pieces. “These are worth like two thousand dollars in today's money. Now we need some clothes,” said Susan.“In her old closet in the attic! Where we used to play when we were little!” said BetsieThey made their way up yet another stairway to a small door, only half the height of a regular door, but once they stooped inside, they found that they could stand up again within the peak of the roof.“Look at these!” said Betsie“These dresses are spectacular!” said Susan“Ohmygod! They ARE!” said Betsie“Look! They’re so heavy!” said Susan, handing a dress to Betsie.“OHMYGOD YES!” said Betsie.“And these corsets!” said Susan.“They’re so tiny! How could anyone fit into them?” said Betsie“We’re about to find out!” said Susan“Look at these shoes! These high-heels are as steep as step-ladders!” said Betsie“Do you think you can walk in them?” said Susan.“I suspect we’re about to find that out too!” said Betsie.“I suspect you’re right! Pick out what you want, then let's hurry and get back down to my room and get dressed!” said Susan.“Okay!”With their new stash of vintage clothes, they scampered downstairs to the bedroom, quickly stripped off their 21st century duds and struggled into their newly-acquired 19th century outfits.“Turn around. I'll lace you in to your corset and then you can lace me into mine,” said Susan.They grunted and wheezed their way into the unfamiliar corsets, which were themselves, feeling vastly more familiar once they were properly laced in. It was hard to imagine anything more familiar.“Okay, I think we're ready,” Susan gasped. The corset was a bit tighter than she'd first realized. “Let's set the transmogrifier to 1890. What city?”“Denver!”“Okay... Do you have those gold pieces?”“Yes. Right here,” Betsie said, gesturing toward her cleavage.“Good! Cuz I have a feeling we're going to need them. Here we go then!” Susan pressed the transmogrifier button. Everything went blank.They POOFED into existence in an alley in Denver, Colorado, 1890, just as the sheriff strode around the corner and into the alley. He looked them up and down briefly. “Excuse me, ladies! How can I be of assistance?”“I, uh... we're okay. Thank you though.”“Yes, yes. We're fine! Thank you!” Betsie smiled sweetly.“Y'all talk kinda strange. Y'all ain't from around here, are ya?”“Well, no not really. We're new in town.” This was bad. The last thing they needed was to get involved with the law. The ladies did their very best to retain their composure.“Where's ya'll's husbands?”“We're uh, not married.”“Then where is your father?” asked the sheriff.“Heeeeee... didn't come with us,” said Susan, now beginning to feel a bit apprehensive. What was with this guy anyway?“Two women, out unescorted, in an alley. This is mighty unusual. What sort of business might ya'll be inta?”“We're ummm... dressmakers.”“Do tell.” The sheriff nodded slowly. “Where are your samples? Where's your sewing machine?”“Oh! Well that's all coming on the next train.”“Is it now?” the sheriff appeared more than somewhat skeptical. “I think I know what your profession really is and I'm going to warn you, we don't take kindly to women like you in our town.”“Of all the damned nerve!” snapped Susan.“I beg your pardon, ma'am?” said the sheriff, curtly.“Of all the damned nerve! You just assume we're hookers because there are no men with us? How dare you!”“Oh, I don't think you're hookers ma'am. I think you're whores. If you were hookers, you'd have your rugs and tools with you, now wouldn't you? Or is that on the next train too?”Betsie whispered to Susan, “He doesn't know what a hooker is?”“I know!” Susan whispered back. “Just keep quiet and let's get out of here!”“Y'all are gonna hafta come with me!” said the sheriff.“On what charge?”“Prostitution.”“But you don't have any evidence!”“I seen the evidence right in front of me: Two women, unescorted, all alone, in an alley. What more evidence could I possibly need?” The sheriff leaned forward and spoke in a very slow monotone as though he were addressing a pair of backward two year-olds. “Come -- with -- me!” he said. And then: “If’n ya’ll try to escape, I'll just deputize me a posse’ and come and find y’all. You won't get far. A couple o’ women lookin’ like y’all do is bound to attract a lot of attention.”The two looked at each other and shrugged. What else was there to do? They doubted that even the pair of them could beat the sheriff in a fight with their crippling corsets on while weighed down in the heavy layers of their dresses.Women really were helpless in those days, thought Susan. And now we are women in those days!So, they did they only thing they could do: walked peacefully and quietly and gracefully as they could manage, ahead of the sheriff, off to jail.“Just use the transmogrifier and get us the heck out of here!” whispered Betsie.“I can't!” said Susan. “It needs twenty-four hours to recharge after each use.”“Ohhh!” Betsie whined. “What are we gonna do?”“No talking ladies!” said the sheriff.They both turned to give him a dirty look, but said no more.Soon, they approached the disheveled jail-house. A deputy was in there, who had obviously been watching, for as they approached, he opened the door briskly and held it for them as the somber trio trooped inside.“Howdy-do ma'am!” said the deputy, twice. The women looked at him but said nothing. The sheriff motioned them toward an empty cell. The deputy slammed the cell door and locked it.This was awkward. How to sit down in a painfully-tight corset? There's always a way. Betsie helped Susan sort of lounge on the bed, leaning against the wall. Susan, in turn, helped Betsie to ease herself down to the bed as well. Neither were sure they could get up again, but they'd cross that bridge when they came to it. They sat together, stiffly, in their bulky dresses on the racid bed, and began to weep.“What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?” Betsie wailed.“Shhh! This is no time for a meltdown!” said Susan, although she too was at her wit's end. But seeing that tears, obviously, weren't going to help their situation, she composed herself with some effort and began to ponder their plight.“There's gotta be a way out of here, we just have to think of what it is!”But try as they might, they couldn't think of a way.As the hours wore on they became increasingly weary and eventually succumbed to exhaustion, falling asleep on the filthy bed, still in their clothes.Susan awoke in the early morning. “Betsie? Are you awake?”“Kind of. My middle is killing me. Do you think there is someway we could take these corsets off?”“Considering the circumstances, I don't think we should be taking any clothes off. Especially not in here where everyone can see us!”Betsie just shrugged, resigned - necessarily - to her cruel fate. “I just thought maybe... you know how you can take your bra off without taking off your top? I was hoping there was something like that.”Susan shook her head slowly. “I don't think so. At least, I can't think of anything.”Soon an officious but kindly-looking woman bustled in through the front door.“Vere's da prisoners, Clem?” she said in an accent so thick, the two women could barely understand her. She had a dramatic mane of jet-black hair, rosey lips and cheeks - striking - against her pale complexion.“Oh! Hi, Zelda! Right there. In the middle cell,” he called from a back room somewhere.She stepped around the corner. “Gott im Himmel! De're gorgeous! Vere did you find dem?”“Found ‘em in an alley. They claimed to be hookers, but I knew right away they were whores.”Susan just shook her head earnestly. “We're not,” was all she said.The woman nodded sagely. “Ya! Dotts goot t'inking!” she said to Clem. “Vhat are you goingk to do vit dem?”“Put 'em in the stocks, I think. In the town square.”“ ‘Put ‘em in stocks’?!?” Betsie whispered to Susan, her voice cracking with fear. “Did he say he's going to put us in stocks?”“Yes! That's what he said!” Panic had sent Susan's voice up a couple of octaves as well.“Oh shit! Oh fuck no! We gotta get outa here!” Betsie shrieked in near-silent whisper.“Yesss!! How??”“I dunno I dunno!”“We have to stay calm! We have to think!” Susan whispered, shrilly.“Hey! I wouldn't go in there alone with those two!” said Clem. “They're mighty dangerous!”“I'll be okay, Clem,” Zelda called back.“Is the transmogrifier charged up?” Betsie whispered.“Yes, but it takes several seconds to activate. If Zelda, I mean Grandma, comes in here, she's going with us. That's the last thing we need!”“Now you girls be nice, or your gonna end up in big trouble, okay?” Zelda said. With key in hand and she opened the door briskly, pulling it shut after her.“The sheriff is claiming that we're prostitutes, but we're not,” Susan said. “We're just travelers. We're umm... we're writing a book about the West and the different towns here.”“Yes, that's right! A book!” Betsie said.Zelda nodded solemnly. Then her eyes were drawn to the center of Susan's rather pronounced bosom; something dark and shiny, way down in that cleft.“Oh! Vhat's dis?” Zelda's hand darted deeply into Susan abundant cleavage. Susan squirmed uncomfortably, yelping in protest. “Stop it!” She tried to push Zelda away, and succeeded, but not before the older lady withdrew a small, dark box with brightly-lit LEDs along the side.“Aha! I knew you vas hidingk somezing!” Zelda triumphant glee was unmistakable.“Hey! Give that back!”“Firsdt you haf to tell me, vhat is it?”“It's something we need to get us home!”“Vhy do you need to go home?”“Because someone very close to us loves us very much and wants desperately for us to return.” Susan's piercing look riveted Zelda for a moment.“Vhat does it do?”The blond felt herself gasping for air while trying to conceal that she was more than a bit panicked and didn’t want Zelda to know. She made her best effort. “I can't tell you. But someday you'll know and you’ll be grateful. I promise. Please!” Susan begged. “I don’t have much, but I have these.” She showed Zelda the two gold coins. “I’ll give them to you if you’ll give me the box back.”Zelda hesitated for a moment, and then handed back the box. “I t'ink you are telling da truth. So, vhat does it do?”“Thank you! Thank you, more than you'll ever know,” Susan said. She was nearly in tears as was Betsie. "It's a really special artifact. One that we would be lost without."“I t’ought you said you needed it to go home,” said Zelda. “Is dat vhat you need? Vhy?”“We do!” said Susan. “But uh, first we need to discuss something amongst ourselves. Just the two of us. Could you please wait in the next room for us?”“Eh!” Zelda shrugged. “Vhy not? But dun't you two try anyt’ing. You’re not going anyvhere anyvay.” With that, she put the coins in her cleavage, left the cell, locked the door and toddled obediently around the corner.Betsie watched her go with obvious relief. “Great!” she whispered. “Now let's get out of here!”“As you wish!” said Susan with a huge sigh. The tension in the room had just dropped about a thousand percent. But they weren't out of the woods yet. Just then, they heard Clem call out to Zelda. “Are those girls still locked up?”“Ya, Clem! Dey ist!”“Good! Whatever you do, don’t let them out. They might be witches!”Susan and Betsie exchanged glances. “Witches?” Susan shrugged, dialed in the correct spacetime coordinates and held the transmogrifier up, ready to push the button.“Betsie?”“Yes Susan?”“There's just one thing I have to ask you before we go.”“What's that?”“Will you marry me?”Betsie blushed and then smiled the brightest smile anyone had ever seen. “Oh Susan! You've just made me the happiest girl in the world! Of course I'll marry you!” And their kiss was one of the epic kisses of all time!In mid-kiss, Susan pushed the button. With a mighty POOF, the two women vanished, and materialized back home with effortless je ne sais quoi.Back in Grannie's room once again, Susan checked the stash box. “We have to make sure.”She rummaged around in the bottom. “Here they are!” she said, finally, and held up the two gold coins. “Just as I thought. All is as it was, once again.”“Wow! That's amazing!” said Betsie“So, was it worth it?”“Was it worth it?” Betsie echoed. “Ohmygod! Yes! YES!”
 I’m not sure how long it was before I realized that the shuttle train never stopped, probably about the time it dawned on me that the people who had gotten on with me were gone. The train is supposed to run from Grand Central to Times Square, one stop, five minutes at the absolute most. But it had been… how long had it been? I don’t know, I was reading my book. I can space out pretty bad sometimes. Family lore has it that I slept right through a freak tornado that ripped off our roof. But the bluish fluorescent lights on the train flickered out with a hum, and when they turned on again, I realized something was amiss. The windows were turned into mirrors by the underground darkness, and in them was a face with a mischievous grin, complemented by a rakish light in the eyes and a tumble of curly brown hair. Samill, the trickster. He materialized from the window. “It’s been some time since we’ve seen each other.”“I can’t say I’ve missed you much, Samill,” I replied, sighing and putting my book down. He laughed heartily in response. “All of the wonders I’ve shown you and you don’t even have a smile to spare for me?” He had a note of mock offense in his voice. “I guess I’ll have to take this little adventure to someone else.”“Go ahead. I won’t mind.”He smiled, more broadly still. “Just kidding, it has to be you.”“Why?”“You’re the only one who’s done it before and let’s just say I need you to survive.”He meant that I’m the only mortal to travel to the realm of the gods and return both alive and a mortal. I did it when I was a girl; it was a whole thing I can’t get into now, but Samill was behind that, too. He damn near got me killed. “I don’t need anything from you this time, Samill. And I’m not a kid anymore. Why would I take this risk?”Samill appraised me. “Indeed, you are no longer a kid.” He turned his head to the side and held his fingers to his eyes like a camera lens. “A fine young woman, might I say. Are you in want of a companion?”“No,” I replied flatly. “Alright,” he said, smiling. “No need to be testy, just asking. Anyway, I need you to get something that was stolen from me.”“Get it yourself.”“Oh no, I can’t show my face there. But you would be able to slip right in and out, unnoticed.”“Surely there’s some other mortal in this world or another, aching for adventure or in need of your favors. I don’t need anything.” I looked down at my phone to check the time, but the screen displayed Samill’s mischievous face in profile. Samill looked at me seriously for some time, calculating something as he always did. “How is your sister, Stella? She must be twenty-seven years old now, am I right?”The air went out of me. What was he planning to do to her? He narrowed his eyes, a playful grin forming in one corner of his mouth. “Don’t worry, love. Your sister is fine. I kept my end of that bargain.”“And I paid a huge price. We’re even.”He crouched in front of me. Up close, I could see the glow of his skin and smell his hair; unearthly and unfathomable.“I can give you your magic back. You and Stella.”I froze, not daring to breathe. Samill took our magic in exchange for Stella’s life. We’d lived more than ten years without it. Sometimes, I wonder if I dreamed that I had it: a memory of fire dancing on my fingertips or chasing Stella on the surface of a lake; ephemeral, slipping from me like water in a palm. A gnawing, gaping longing opened up in me.“Ah,” Samill said, standing up smiling. “You’ve missed your magic. I do wonder sometimes how any mortal can bear life without it.”“Magic attracts the gods and all mortals are better off without that.”Samill grabbed his chest. “My poor heart. Come, let me show you something.”He beckoned me to the front of the train. It had stopped moving. With a dramatic swipe of his hand, the front of the train melted away, revealing the damp entrance to a long tunnel. “I need you to find the goddess Badha and retrieve the emerald she’s guarding. She’s blind and can only sense the gods. You will be able to go without notice,” he looked down at me out of the corner of his eye.I shot him a sharp look. “The underworld? Last time was different it was the heavenly gods. This is the realm of the dead, I won’t make it out. They won’t let me cross back into the living.”“If you speak your secret name to the guardian, he will let you pass alive. And if you give me the emerald, I’ll return your magic to you and your sister.”“But my secret name is for my passage into the afterlife. I can’t speak it twice.”“That’s just superstition. Encouraged by the gods, mind you, because your secret name has power and the gods know it. But you can speak it more than once. I give you my word.”I faced him and looked defiantly into his eyes. “No, sorry. I don’t need the magic, neither does Stella. Find someone else.”Samill laughed. “Well, Phoebe, I’d hoped you’d come around on your own. But barring that,” he shoved me through the front of the train and I landed right on my face in the rock and the mud. Before I could stand up, he smiled at me and waved his arm, making himself and the train disappear over my head. I made a hearty effort to bang on the now closed wall where Samill had thrown me through, but it didn’t work. If I was going to get out of there, I knew I’d have to descend this tunnel to figure it out. I pulled up my phone. Dead. Technology didn’t really work in the magical realms. The gods are terrified of it; Google is better at reading our minds than they are. It took some time for my eyes to adjust to the darkness, but when they did I noticed tiny dots of light embedded in the rock. I hit my face on the occasional tree root that was hanging from the top of the tunnel. I can’t say how long I walked, but at some point, minutes, hours or days later I arrived at a dried up river bed that I knew I’d have to cross to continue. Water is powerful and even its absence can be a trap set by a sorcerer or a god. I crouched down and put my ear to the ground. The whoosh of running water filled my ears. Some kind of underground river. I pressed my finger into a spot of soft mud beneath a rock and pearly liquid that looked like a cross between clouded water and honey emerged. I recognized it from old stories my grandmother told Stella and me, the River of No Name that runs through the center of the earth. It would expect payment of some kind, I reckoned. All enchanted crossings did. But I had nothing on me. I was unprepared. I tried my phone, since it was the most expensive thing I had. I placed it gingerly on the rocks, but moments later the phone launched itself back at me. Ok, that wasn’t going to work. I thought for a few minutes and then realized: the river would want my name. I leaned over to the rocks and whispered “Phoebe,” but the rocks let out an agitated hiss and rumbled. I wiped my hands on my jeans and looked up, cursing Samill. The river wanted my secret name. I was forced to trust what Samill said about my secret name not losing power if I say it more than once. I bent my face even lower this time and said, in as low a voice as possible, the name spoken to me once by my mother the day I was born and written on my heart, Efweth. Water coursed through the rocks, gold and white and pleasant. It leveled off when it was a few inches high and pulled itself to either side, allowing me to pass over the rocks. Eventually, I came to the end of the tunnel which was a large, circular cavern with walls made of rocks and mud. The light in the rocks was brighter here, so I was able to see more easily. It seemed I was alone. I walked around the room, my hand on the walls, feeling for some exit or hidden door, but I came up empty. I looked up, but whatever was above me was either too high or too occluded by the darkness for me to see it. “Ok, Samill. What am I doing here? Help me out?”Just then, an enormous woman descended from the ceiling; twenty-feet tall with a tangled mass of hair falling over her shoulders. She seemed old, older than the earth, but also ageless. As soon as I noticed something that would indicate her age, a wrinkle, a grey hair, it would fade away before I could be sure it was there. This must be Badha. “Samill? Are you here you nasty little imp? I told you if I ever saw you again I’d rip you to shreds and it would take you three millennia to stitch yourself together.”I pushed myself into the wall and held my breath, not wanting to make a sound. The goddess moved a few steps forward and backward, shaking the cavern as she did. “No it can't be Samill. He couldn't be... But who said your name? Why would anyone speak of you here?”She moved her arm around the cavern to feel. I pressed myself further against the wall. “Make yourself known, whoever you are. Another useless goblin? Be gone, goblin. I’ve nothing for you here.”I looked all over her for some sign of an emerald, nothing on her neck, nothing on her fingers or in her hair. She made herself some kind of beverage and after she was done, she sat down with her great legs out in front of her. I was standing next to her massive calf, I could have reached across and grabbed it if I wanted to. She sipped from her cup and paused, putting her ear up like a curious dog. She sipped again and got on all fours. I had to run toward the entrance of the cavern to avoid her as she changed positions. Then she put her ear to the ground and knelt up. “Mortal, I know you’re here.”Damnit, Samill.“Tell me why you’re here, mortal.”I neither replied nor moved so much as an eyelid.“The river told me mortal. I’ll say your secret name if you don’t answer me. I don’t think you want that.”I wasn’t sure what the consequences of that would be; should I call her bluff or answer her? Everyone in my culture is given a secret name at birth, whispered in their left ears by our mothers at the moment of birth. We are never to speak it until we die. We were told to always guard it as the name possesses great power that could be used to harm us or someone else. “Did Samill send you?”“Yes,” I croaked out. I was very thirsty. She laughed, quietly at first and then so forcefully the walls shook. “Tell me, mortal, what did he tell you to get?”“An emerald.” She laughed again, this time wiping tears from her cheeks. “My sweet child, Samill knows I don’t have that emerald. What did he promise you?”My stomach dropped. What had he set me up for? “Eternal youth? Love? Please, tell me.” She was still laughing and occasionally broke into wheezing coughs. “He said he’d return my magic.”She stopped laughing. “Who took it?”"He did, Samill.”“Why?”“In exchange for my sister’s life.”“And you believed him, when he said he’d return your magic?”“I don’t know. I refused him. But when I refused he threw me down here.”She brought her hand to her chin like she was thinking very hard.“I don’t have the emerald, dear. Samill knows that.”“Ok, then, I’ll just get out of your hair.”She cackled. “You’re in the realm of the dead. You can’t return. You must know that.”“Samill said…”“Samill lied,” she said, still wiping tears of laughter from her blank eyes. “You can’t return. And I’m hungry, come here.” She swiped her arms out again, narrowly missing me.I ran again to the entrance of the cavern and had nearly managed to get away when a tree root ripped from the floor and pulled me back. “I told you, there’s no returning for you, mortal. Samill as good as killed you. I don’t know what you did to piss him off.”I had no weapons. No magic. No way out. I closed my eyes and readied myself for my fate. I wondered what death would be like if I died already in the underworld. Then I got an idea. Lining the walls of the cavern and up into the ceiling were tree roots, the ones that brought me back into the cavern when I tried to escape. I escaped from the root holding me and ran across, another root shot out and chased me. I ran back and forth around the cavern, narrowly avoiding the roots as I did. The whole time Badha was laughing. “Mortals always fight so hard. So entertaining. Well, I’ll be back in a minute when you’re dead.” She stood up but fell right away as the roots pulled her back down. I’d trapped her in them. She pulled and grabbed at them, breaking a few, but they held. I knew they wouldn’t hold long, so I made one final move. I leapt up onto the roots holding Badha, the tips of new ones chasing me as I did, and ran headlong into her chest, dodging out of the way at the last second. The root didn’t find me, but did find Badha’s chest, shooting straight through it and out the other side. She gasped and choked. “No, no. This isn’t possible.” She weakly pulled at the root in her chest, but then she started to disintegrate into the dirt below her, her flesh and hair and clothes falling into so much dust. I was stunned. I thought I would incapacitate her, not kill her. I had no idea what the tree was made of that it was strong enough to kill a goddess, but I ran out of there as quickly as my feet would carry me. The River of No Name parted for me, it did not expect a second payment. I clambered back up the tunnel as fast as I could, falling and tripping as I went. I reached the end of the tunnel, still closed off. “Samill! Let me out of here.” I could see the tunnel starting to fall away too. Soon the ground beneath my feet would be gone. “You feckless bastard let, me, out!”Nothing. "Damn it,” I said, realizing that this wall was the Guardian and I needed to tell it my name or I’d fall into the creeping oblivion below. “Efweth,” I said as quietly as my adrenaline would allow. I was back on the shuttle train. Samill sat jauntily across from me, legs crossed, smiling as though he could hear a distant good tune. The only evidence I had that anything had happened was that I was covered in dirt. “I’m going to KILL you,” I shouted and ran over and started battering him with my fists. “Kill you. There was no emerald.”He restrained me easily, smiling. “I know. I needed her killed. I knew you could do it.”My jaw fell open. “Why? Why didn’t you just kill her yourself?”“This is the problem with all of you magical mortals who chose to integrate into the larger society. You missed all of your lessons. Celestial gods cannot descend into the underworld. Only humans can. I would immediately evaporate if I stepped down there.”“Why me?,” I asked, crying now. “Why? It could have been anyone.”He shook his head. “No, not anyone.” He sat back down the seat. “It had to be someone with your talents.”“I don’t have any talents,” I wept. My shoulders were shaking. “I was just trying to survive.”“And yet, most would not. Just as most children would not have survived the ordeal you went through. No, it had to be you, I’m sorry.”He stood up again and walked to the door of the train, which I realized was moving again. “Here,” he said, reaching into a pocket in his garment. “Your magic.” “No! No, please,” I begged. “I don’t need it. Keep it.”He smiled again, larger than before. “I need you to have it. I’m not done with you yet, Efweth.”The loudspeaker called out, “Stand clear of the closing doors, please,” and he snapped his fingers in my direction, stepped out and disappeared into the crowd.People filed into the train and I wiped the tears from my face and tucked my hair behind my ears, but people still avoided sitting next to me, covered as I was in mud and dust. I held up my left hand, cupping it around my right forefinger as though to protect it from the wind, and produced a dancing blue flame from the tip of my finger. I couldn’t stop myself from smiling.
 It was always Amrak’s job to deal with the birds afterwards, and he had always hated it. Every Temple day after the service he would have to wait for the worshippers to leave, then hang around while Father and the other priests finished up. As soon as they were gone the work began – mopping up the spilt blood, gathering the dirty robes into a basket to take outside to the waiting washerwomen, piling up the silver bowls to carry to the kitchen to be cleaned. Amrak had asked his father many times if he could rather wash the bowls, sweep the step outside, clean out the censers – anything but gather the broken bodies of the doves, but his request was always refused. “Do what I tell you, son,” Father always said. “No questions.”But Amrak had questions; he always had. Even though his curiosity had been soundly discouraged and he had mostly stopped asking, he had not lost it. He wanted to know why the poor birds had to die, their throats slit over the silver bowls before the blood was poured over the heads of the people during cleansings, weddings and dedications. He had experienced it himself during his cleansing ceremony when he had turned thirteen, like every other boy in Kalathan. Blood to sully, blood to purge. Blood to defile, blood to cleanse. He remembered it as if it was yesterday, even though it was already four years ago. He had been shocked that day by how warm the blood had been, and glad that as it had flowed over his face it had hidden his tears. “You’re too sensitive, Amrak,” said his friend Mishik, walking past him with his polishing cloth as he crouched down over the pile of little bodies on the floor. “They’re just birds.”“Just birds,” Amrak repeated softly, picking one up by a wing. They were always cold by the time the service ended and he had to begin his work. He placed it gently into the sack he had brought, then picked up the next one. There had been five coming-of-age cleansings today, and two devilclaw purgings and a wedding the day before. Two doves for each, which meant sixteen little creatures lying dead on the tiled floor, sixteen still hearts in the sack, ready for the rubbish pile and then the fire. When he was done he placed the sack out of the way, fetched the broom to sweep up the feathers, then picked up the mop which stood against the wooden bucket. It only took ten minutes, to restore the floor to its previous shine, for the water in the bucket to turn from clear to gritty, muddy brown with the blood and droppings. “Almost done,” said Mishik, as he put down the bronze censer he had just polished and picked up the last one. “All ready to carry next week’s prayers up to heaven!”“If the blood cleanses us,” Amrak said, half to Mishik, half to himself as he straightened his back, “then where do the sins go?”“What?” Mishik shook his head. “They don't go anywhere. The blood … dissolves them.”“Then the sins are still in the blood,” said Amrak. “They flow into the drains, then into the river. The river, and the sea, must be teeming with sins by now.”“No, no,” Mishik said. “Lands, you have strange thoughts, Amrak! You’ve got it all wrong. It’s a spiritual thing.”“If it’s spiritual, why do we need the blood then? Can't we just ask God to cleanse us, without breeding birds that we only kill?”Mishik replaced the last censer, balling up the dirty cloth. “Wait for next year when we begin our training,” he said. “You can ask the fatirs about that. I don't know enough to answer you.”Amrak picked up the bucket and broom, Mishik the mop. The two boys made their way towards the kitchen behind the building. “Are you excited about it?” Amrak asked. “About what?” “The training. All of it. Becoming a priest.”Mishik looked confused. “Not really. It’s going to be hard work. But it’s a good living and I don't know what else I would do.”“I don't mind hard work,” said Amrak. “But?” Mishik peered at him as they set down their burdens and faced each other. “I don't want to shave my head. And I'm not sure I want to be a priest at all.” It felt almost dangerous to say it. Mishik gave a low whistle. “I want to be there when you tell that to your father,” he said. “Really, Amrak. How many generations of your family have been priests? I doubt you could even count!”Amrak didn't answer. It was laughable, he had to agree, to think that he could choose another path for his life. His father was so proud of their family, proud of his position, proud to be a Kalathene, most of all proud to be a priest of the Temple. He walked around the town in his long red robe, his shaved head held high, proud of his dutiful wife, his obedient sons, his devout, co-operative daughters. He didn't know that Amrak shuddered every time a bird was killed, every time he smelled the incense, every time he heard the chanting. He didn't know that his son’s favourite day of the week was the day after Temple day, because it meant there were six whole days until the next one. He didn't know that when his son closed his eyes to chant the prayers, he felt nothing, that when he looked up at the great curly spire of the Temple looming above the City he found himself daydreaming about what life would be like if it was not there at all. He and Mishik removed their aprons and washed their hands, then exited the back door of the Temple into the alley, Amrak carrying the sack. It had snowed earlier, and now the wind blew flurries of it up and down the alley. “Well, see you tomorrow I suppose,” Mishik said, pulling on his gloves and shoving his hat as far down on his head as he could. “Can you believe it’s our last week of school?”“Training will be worse than school,” Amrak said, as he turned up the collar of his thick fur-edged coat against the cold wind and wrapped his scarf around his head. “Yes, but we will be studying with the men, not the boys!” Mishik said. “Will you shave your head soon? My father says it’s better to do it now rather than just before we begin.”“Probably,” Amrak said. Father had said, that morning, that he thought they should do it tonight.The boys parted, Mishik heading back to his home for dinner, Amrak heading in the opposite direction to take the sack, as he always did, to one of the wagon beds that was always parked in the same place near the Temple. He would fling the sack onto the pile of whatever waste was already there, and in the morning someone would arrive to haul the load off to the furnaces outside the City. The little birds would fly away then, he supposed, as the ash rose into the sky. When he was finally free of the sack he turned around, thinking about the meal that waited for him at home, keeping warm by the stove. Another Temple day done. He heard a noise then, a clattering as if something had fallen off the wagon. He turned around, startled. He had thought that he was alone in the alley. He crouched down to see if he could see if anything lay on the ground, and saw a flash of movement. “Hey!” he called. “Who’s there?”No answer. He stepped closer. “Who’s there?”“No one!” called a voice. A boy’s voice, clear and confident. Amrak stood still, unsure whether to laugh or be insulted. “What are you doing?” he asked. “That’s just rubbish in there!”He stared for a moment at the wagon. Nothing moved. Then suddenly there was another crashing sound, and the boy stepped out from behind the wagon, holding up Amrak’s sack. He was small, at least a head shorter than Amrak, a good few years younger.“Hey!” he said again. “That’s my sack!”“You threw it away,” said the boy, shrugging. He looked cold, Amrak thought, his coat thin and unlined, only a too-big woolen hat on his head. His boots looked ancient, the tops peeling away from the soles. “So you clearly don't want it!”Amrak stood still, wondering how to answer.“Rubbish to you, dinner to me!” said the boy. “But you can’t eat those!” Amrak was appalled.“Oh, I can!” said the boy. “It’s quite easy. I pull out the feathers, cut out the insides and roast them. They’re not more than a few bites each but I’m not complaining.” Was he laughing? He had a wide grin, scruffy dark hair, and a rather blue face. “But … those are Temple birds,” Amrak said. The boy shrugged again. “Either they get roasted in the furnace and turned to black for nothing, my friend, or they serve a greater purpose by feeding me and my friends.”Amrak took a few steps closer, wondering if the boy would run away. “Do you do this … often?”“Most Temple days. I watch for you whenever you come out of that door. I’ve grown fond of your face lately, to be honest. You represent meat, glorious meat!” The boy held out his arms, the sack swinging wildly from one hand, and grinned widely. Amrak could not help it. He smiled back. An hour later, Amrak was sitting on an upturned wooden crate in another alley, warming his hands over the little fire the boy had made in a half-broken old brazier. He knew his parents would be wondering where he was, but he pushed that thought aside and hoped they would just think he had gone to Mishik’s house as he had once or twice before. He did not quite understand why he had not just turned around and left, why he had found himself asking the boy’s name and then following him here. It had been an impulse, he thought, as he watched him pluck out feathers and hack at the doves’ chests with a blunt-looking knife, something rebellious, and in the moment he had wanted nothing more than to do something different, to follow this odd boy off into the cold to watch him turn the bodies of the sacrificial doves into his lunch. His name was Kashrik, it turned out, and he was thirteen.  “Don’t you have a home?” Amrak asked. Kashrik shrugged. “Not really,” he said. “Why not?”Kashrik looked up from his hacking. “You work at the Temple, don't you?”“My father is a priest,” Amrak said. “So you will be too?”Amrak looked down. “That’s the plan.”“Then I can’t tell you why.”“What’s being a priest got to do with why you don't have a home?”“If I tell you, you might haul me off to your father. Instead of dove meat in my stomach, I’ll have dove blood on my head.”“Oh,” Amrak said, starting to understand. “You’re …” He could not say it. The boy put down his knife and pulled up his left sleeve. “There you go,” he said, showing Amrak the inked mark on the inside of his wrist. “I’m a devilclaw. I had a home but my father kicked me out last year. Sometimes I go to the back door and my mother gives me some bread, but most of the time I fend for myself.”“Where do you sleep?”Kashrik looked at him sideways. “Somewhere warm. There are people in the City who do not share the Temple’s opinion of people like me. Kind people. I haven’t frozen yet.”Amrak took a breath, then blew it out again, watching as it condensed into mist in front of him. The boy picked up the knife again, with his left hand of course. Amrak wondered how he had not noticed it before. The Devil’s Claw. This pleasant-faced friendly boy was cursed, according to the Temple, an anomaly, a catalyst of bad luck. His left hand now, cutting away at the bird, looked so wrong, so strange, as if Amrak was watching himself in a mirror.“Sorry,” he said. It was all he could think of to say. “That’s terrible.”Kashrik laughed. “Don’t be sorry!” he said. “Sympathising with me will bring you bad luck, remember. Eating with me …” He grimaced, then smiled. “Probably worse. Perhaps you will wake up tomorrow covered in leprosy.”He reached down to the ground to pick up a blackened sharp stick which he thrust through the bloody little body of the dove, then handed it to Amrak. “You hold it over the fire,” he said, “while I do the others.”He looked up, the smile on his face so artless and genuine that Amrak did not know what to say. The flames leapt up, singeing the meat, the smell that rose up into the air surprisingly pleasant. “I don't want to be a priest,” he said, partly to Kashrik, partly to himself. “I hate the Temple.”Kashrik looked up in surprise.“I hate the blood and the chanting, all of it. I love my father but I can't think of any other priest that I trust. I want to be a soldier or a farmer or a blacksmith – anything but a priest.”He had never said anything like that before. He had barely even let himself think it. “Well, I don't blame you,” Kashrik said. “I’d rather be a devilclaw than spend my life serving a God who doesn't care about anyone but himself, if he’s even there at all.”Amrak, feeling quite breathless after his confession, did not answer. So there were people in Kalathan who did not live in the shadow of the Temple. There were people who cared enough about devilclaws to give them a place to sleep, people who were not afraid of the curse. The thought gave him courage, as the knowledge of what he had to do began to settle. He lifted his hand to his neck to touch the thick brown hair that reached to his collar. He would not be sitting down by the fire tonight while Father sharpened the razor. He would find his own path, and what Kashrik had just told him gave him hope that he would not be alone. While Kashrik plucked and cut, the little pile of smelly entrails on the street beside him growing steadily, Amrak held the sticks, turning them gently, making sure the meat cooked evenly. And when Kashrik announced that the first bird had cooked long enough, took out a little twist of paper from his pocket and sprinkled the blackened shape with salt, Amrak lifted what had once been a fluttering bird up to his face and breathed in the aroma. “Enjoy!” Kashrik said, holding up his own bird, its legs splayed grotesquely off to each side. “To the lowly dove, cleanser of sins and filler of stomachs!” He took a great, ravenous bite, tearing off the meat, smiling widely through his chewing. Amrak smiled back, took a breath, and ate. 
 My mother almost drowned me once.My pudgy fingers were wrapped around a sapphire, a blue glass jewel caressed to smoothness by a century of waves. I had spied it resting on a dimple in the sand. I wondered at the shard’s origin; perhaps a pirate’s goblet or the perfume bottle of an exotic, sunken princess.The slap rang in my ear before I felt the heat spread. I raised my hand to my face, too late to shield my stinging cheek. She snatched my treasure from the sand where it had dropped and hurled it in a high arc back into the waves.My mother grasped my shoulders. “We never take gifts from the Ocean,” she hissed. I wriggled from her hold and ran towards the Ocean that had swallowed my prize. My mother’s arm looped around my waist and lifted me before I reached the line where the water meets the sand. I struggled against her iron grip, wailing as she hauled me across the beach to our cabin. She dragged me to the claw footed bathtub abandoned in the garden, full of rain and fallen leaves. My reflection kissed me as she pushed my head under.I thrashed and choked down a mouthful of dirty water. My small fists beat the side of the tub. My lungs were scorching. Black specks multiplied in my vision. Right as the dots began to merge into a single darkness, my mother pulled me up by my hair.Her fingers bit crescent moons into my shoulders. “This is the Ocean’s gift, Annabeth. We never take gifts from the Ocean. Do you understand me?”She shook me until my head wobbled in affirmation. We never take gifts from the Ocean.My mother’s grip loosened. She brushed my limp hair from my face. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” My soaking frock dampened hers as she pulled me into an embrace. “Annabeth,” she sighed. “I’m sorry.”Our sliver of sand was littered with beautiful offerings from the Ocean. Twice a day, the waves crept closer to my mother’s home and when they bashfully retreated, there would be blush pink shells, and spires of bleached driftwood, and a carpet of sea glass beads transforming the beach into a stained glass mural. The locals whispered that my mother must be a sea witch or a mermaid to have enticed the Ocean to leave her so many presents. She ignored the gossip and the gifts. Every dawn, she would walk to the water’s edge and tip out the jar she used to collect her tears. “Someday I will replace the entirety of the Ocean,” she told me.I asked once why she stayed here on the Ocean’s edge.“For love,” was her only reply.The ritual continued. The Ocean left a violin draped in seaweed, a marble coffin filled with pearls and snails, a golden sea turtle. When the sun awoke, my mother stepped past these marvels and poured out her jar of tears.So with his gifts ignored, when I was eleven, the Ocean came to our door to ask for forgiveness.His skin was nearly translucent and flashed rainbows in the glinting sun. He was dressed in a brown suit he had borrowed from a corpse. I had to crane my neck to see his gray eyes. He was so beautiful I nearly swallowed my tongue.He extended a hand to me. It was elegant but his skin trembled as if his flesh was less than solid. His fingers gently brushed mine and I had the impression that, were I to grip them and pull, his skin would slough off and he would spill to the floor.“Hello,” he glimmered in the doorway.I was mesmerized into immobility. Droplets of water beaded on my skin where he had touched me.He slid past me and poured himself into a kitchen chair.I was unsure of the etiquette for when the Ocean has made himself a guest in your home. I scrambled for a polite gesture.“Would you like a drink?” I asked.His eyebrow floated up. He nodded slowly. I filled a glass halfway from the water pump and placed it in front of him. He peered at it and began to chuckle. I giggled alongside him but my cheeks blushed with shame.The Ocean took at long drink of water. He held the glass to his lips and his throat rolled with his gulps. He replaced the glass on the table, brandishing it with a grin. The glass was overflowing with water now, rivulets spilling down the sides. I looked at the glass and then at the Ocean. He waggled his eyebrows. This time my laugh was genuine."Thank you for my drink." His teeth were a collection of pearls in varied hues. The effect was oddly pleasing, his smile being like a garden made more beautiful by the diversity of its blooms. "I should offer you something in return."I shook my head."What about... a Sea Horse, a great black steed to ride through the waves? No? A little one, then."I bit my lip and looked at the floor."Come now, every little girl wants a pony.""Mama says we don't take gifts from the Ocean," I said to my dirty toes."Did she now..."“Annabeth.” My mother threw my name like a harpoon when she entered the room. She yanked me back, nearly throwing me to the floor.“Eugenia,” the Ocean exhaled.“Get out.”"I was just having a lovely chat with-""Leave."“Oh, Genie, look how gaunt you are making me with your tears. You’re wearing me away,” he grinned, indicating to the hollows of his cheeks. “I’ve brought you a gift, my love.”“I am not yours.”Something quivered under his pale skin and dove beneath the surface, dragging his smile with it. He pouted juicily. “My beautiful Eugenia. Look at your face. A cliff face. Do you truly hate me so?”“Leave my home now. Never come back.”“Don’t you wish to hear what I have brought you?”“Get. Out.”His gray eyes perused my plain face and scrawny frame. “Such a beautiful daughter you have.”I flushed crimson. My mother’s hands tightened on my shoulders, nails fitting into crescent groove scars. “Don’t,” she whispered.“Ah, a crack in the stone.” The Ocean gleamed. “Genie. I’ve come to atone.”My mother leaned heavily on my shoulders.“Annabeth,” the Ocean whispered conspiratorially. “Go to the window.”I hesitated. Gently, I extracted myself from under my mother’s weight. Though I feared she might, she did not fall.I moved towards the window. Outside, there was a desert. The silver fish and jellies and albino dolphins flopped pathetically on the exposed sandy floor. On the edge, where the water once met the sand, there was a pile nearly as tall as me."Bones," I gasped. Long bones, bleached bones, skulls with small teeth. A string of seaweed dripped from an eye socket like an inky trail of tears.“Your gift, Genie.”“You stole them away because you were jealous.”The Ocean shook his head remorsefully. “No, Eugenia. They wanted to come. It is not my fault they didn’t have the strength to come home.” He advanced towards my mother languidly. His stormy eyes were tortuous ecstasy. “Genie, Genie, I miss your skin. Slipping, sliding. Genie, you are my moon. You draw me near, push me away. I am endlessly under your control.”The fish gasped, gaped. “They’re dying!” I cried.The Ocean traced the air around my mother’s jaw. “A cliff face. Created by the endless flow of water.” He leaned his face close to hers. “I am your king and you are my goddess.” Her shallow breaths created ripples that radiated across his skin. “Eugenia,” he sighed into her. “I brought them home. I've brought our children home.”The cascading crash broke them apart. The glass had hit the wall satisfactorily hard.I indicated to the flailing sea life. “They’re dying,” I chastised.The Ocean narrowed his gray eyes at me.“Annabeth,” said my mother like a prayer.The Ocean turned to her. He was weeping. Leaking. Water dripped from his eyes, his ears, his nostrils. It oozed from his skin.“Take my gift,” he pleaded. “Forgive me. Come back to me.”My mother was shaking. I slipped my fingers into hers.“Genie,” trembled the Ocean. “Don’t you remember? It’s like flying.”“I will never forgive you.”“I could take her,” he spat. “I could send a wave and drag her out.”My mother’s hand tightened around mine. “But you won’t.”“Why?” The Ocean was quaking, vibrating with swirling, disobedient water.My mother let go of my hand. She stepped closer to the Ocean and rested her fingers delicately on his cheek. His love was reflected back to him in her eyes. I understood. She stayed on the shore for love. Love of the Ocean kept her near. Love for her daughter kept her far. When she mixed her tears with the Ocean, she stood on the border where the water meets the sand and the waves kissed the tips of her toes in the lovers’ hateful equilibrium. I was not the first gift she took from the Ocean, but I was the first she would not allow him to take back.You will leave now,” said my mother to the Ocean, “Because I am your moon and I am telling you to go.”“Eugenia,” sighed the Ocean as the roaring flood cracked his jaw. The endless wave ripped open his skin and out he cascaded. The riptide swirled at my feet. My mother’s embrace held me steady as I buried my face in her shoulder. The cabin shuddered; the beams were breaking, crashing. Things wriggled, wound around my calves and gummed at my skin. We were caught in a whirlpool, drowning, suffocating, I opened my mouth to scream-“Annabeth.”I opened my eyes. The house was still standing. We were dry. The Ocean was where it belonged and the bones were gone.“Annabeth,” said my mother. “Once you have flown in the Ocean...” She clutched my arms suddenly, her eyes wild. “The Ocean is deceptive. It is so much deeper than you could ever fathom.”I brushed her hair from her cheek. “We never take gifts from the Ocean.” Because the Ocean demands gifts in return.She pressed her hand against mine and nodded. She turned away from the Ocean, from me. Her face was once again stone.When I turned eighteen, I left that cabin by the water and moved inland, as far inland as I could to where the seas are made of grass. My mother remained on the shore. She pours her tears into the Ocean, an act of mutilation, an act of devotion. The hateful lovers’ endless dance, the Ocean and his moon.I often think of those weeping skulls, my brothers and sisters, grinning with elation as they fly through the bottomless Ocean. My mother held my head underwater once. I learned my lesson. I never take gifts from the Ocean. This was my mother’s gift to me.
 When my body surrenders to sleep, colors, smells and sounds coalesce. Magic grows from possibility to certainty. The intangible parts of my soul manifest into wondrous creatures and people and landscapes. Tonight, it manifests you.I’ve dreamed of such encounters before--strangers who know me better, love me better, than anyone in the waking light. So when your lips meet mine, I relish the sensation without restraint, worry, or guilt. Your caresses aren’t real. Your desire isn’t real. Such things never are.But I can feel you under my hands--the solidity of your shoulders, chest, arms. Your hair trails like fiery silk through my fingers. Our lips are puzzle pieces fitting together. Our heartbeats synchronize.Morning comes too soon.I open my eyes with a groan of regret. You never existed, and yet I yearn for you. I lift my arms above my head, and it catches the sleepy sunlight.A single strand of hair twines through my fingers like a ribbon. Like a spun flame, shifting gold and red and silver. It’s not mine.It’s yours.My throat tightens. My mouth dries. It’s not possible. I wrap it around my finger. Tie it in a knot. I will not forget.That evening, I tremble as I slip between the sheets. I toss. I twist. Sleep flirts with me, as elusive as shadows. Will you return to me tonight? Dread and hope war. It’s only the exhaustion of living their bloody battle that sends me to dreams.And you are there, waiting behind a veil of willow branches.The light is strange--too soft, silvery--painting your mouth with temptation, gilding your eyes. They are the hue of violets, brilliant and blazing even in the flickering half-light. I hadn’t noticed them the night before. So many things I hadn’t paid attention to, convinced you were just another dream that dissipates upon waking, just another release from the mundane. But your hair is still knotted around my fingers, and it hums. I draw closer or perhaps I am drawn closer. Neither of us seems to move, but then we suddenly mesh together. I need to speak to you tonight. I need to ask you a hundred questions. But your touch robs me of speech and scorches me with need. There is never enough time or space for words.When I wake, there is a passion-shaped mark on my collarbone. My heart gallops at the sight of it.How is this possible? The question is a jackhammer in my brain. I can focus on nothing else. The day is hazier than the dreams you occupy. People attempt to engage me in conversation. I smile. I might even respond. They ask if I am well.I will only be well if I can see you again.I cannot wait to sleep. I crave it like never before. But my body is restless. It fights me. Denies me. I blink up at the ceiling for hours. When it finally surrenders, our time together is but a moment before my alarm clock rips me from your arms.My eyelids are sandpaper, but I smile. This time, you spoke. This time, you told me that we will be together forever soon. And I believe you. Because in the bed next to me is a still-warm body-shaped hollow.I purchase over-the-counter sleep medicine. I take it early. I need more time with you.You wait for me beneath the willow again. Tonight there is time for passion and promises. Keep coming to me, you say. Soon, our love will be powerful enough, nurtured enough to bring me into your waking world.When?Soon.More nights pass. More dreams that leave me satiated and yet ravenous. More of you enters my waking life. A thread from your t-shirt. An indention on the pillow next to me. The wet mark of your mouth on the pillowcase. But I need more. I need to wake with your body wrapped around mine.I’ve never needed something so badly. Over-the-counters can't get me asleep fast enough. I visit my doctor. I say I can't sleep. Bruises ring my eyes. My clothes hang on me. I barely eat anymore. Yes, insomnia must be the reason, the doctor concludes.As soon as the bright orange bottle is in my hands, I take the dosage. Sleep slams into me. And there you are. Anticipation wreathes your face like a thousand-petaled sunflower. Your fingers slip through mine. Our palms press. Then your mouth covers mine, as hot and spicy and sweet as cider. We breathe each other in and out--until our breath is just a shared exhale and inhale.I feel dizzy. Drunk. Aflame.Soon?Yes, you say. Tomorrow night. Tomorrow will be the night when we will finally be together. We will finally be one.Tears escape my eyes and float away in tiny, shimmering orbs. Sooner, I beg.Tomorrow is soon enough, you tease.I can feel every millimeter of your being. The satin of your skin, the silk of your hair, the ridges of each of your ribs. You are flesh and organs and bones. Everything is real enough beneath my hands. You are real enough.You belong in reality. With me.I can sense how much you want--need--to be with me. Our desperation for one another is equal and beyond measure. Now. I need to see you with my eyes open. I need to feel your breath on my skin as soon as I wake. Please. Please. Please.Tomorrow. I promise, you whisper. Your words are cinnamon candy on my tongue. When I wake, I know I will still taste them.It’s not enough.I sense our time is ending. I grip you harder. My fingernails press into your skin.Please.Almost. I am almost strong enough. One more night. You smooth my hair back from my cheek. One more dream.You keep saying that! I want to push you away, but instead, I pull you closer. Even my anger, my disappointment, can’t sunder my desire.It’s almost morning, you say. One more dream, I promise. Truly. You smile, silver moonlight and shadow. It’s time to wake up.No! I grip your shirt, but I’m already falling back into wakefulness. Your shirt rips. I swipe again through shadow and mist and flesh.And then I am awake. The alarm clock screams incessantly. I keep my eyes closed. My hand is warm and heavy. Full.I open my eyes.I sob. I brought you back, after all. Your heart throbs in my palm.
 The bottle was a glass Coca Cola bottle salvaged from the barn that her grandfather had kept in a state of quiet disarray.There was a voice in the bottle. It was soft and low.Soft and rough. Sad and mad.Lorna shook the bottle. The voice sped up and there was a short wail. She stuffed the bottle into her faded and slightly frayed backpack and walked to school.Her science teacher at Redhorn High was a tired old man with whiskers and hair where there shouldn't be any. Lorna called him Mr. Miller. Mr. Miller encouraged curious exploration from his pupils. He focused a lot on research methods. He hammered research methods into their heads and ranted about studies conducted with poor control factors and biased samples. He was a mild grader, and fairly easy going, on everything but research methods.He also talked incessantly about his lifelong dream to be a Nobel prize winner. He had apparently done some groundbreaking research in genetics when he was younger, but had for reasons not clear to his pupils, ended up teaching high school science in rural California. This fall from grace was very vague in his retellings. He did imply that someone had knifed him in the back. Someone had done him ill. As the victim of circumstance, here he was, his dreams faded and wistful.As an old man with a hopeless dream, Lorna found Mr. Miller both inspiring and depressing. A high school teacher was not a profession that often led to something impressive. She felt sorry for him. If her little brother had said he wanted to be President one day she would have found his cock-eyed optimism endearing. His whole life was ahead of him and who knew what he might accomplish. But the hope to reality ratio was all downhill from there. At Mr. Miller’s age, most of the downhill journey had already happened.Even at 16, Lorna felt the weight of her decisions. She was supposed to choose a major, which felt like a wild guessing at what her long term strengths might be. She had to decide where to apply for college, partly based on which schools might give her scholarships. The pressure to succeed and have a great scholarship at a great school was internal and strong.Had you asked her 6 months ago, she would have admitted that hard science was NOT her strength. She had barely eked out a C in biology. She hated to memorize things. She liked psychology, philosophy, and theory. She wanted to understand the strange and wonderful in the world, but not from one end of a microscope.However, this year Mr. Miller had opened the world of research to her. She felt that perhaps good research was like a magic spell: you say the incantation perfectly with the right ingredients in the right order and BOOM – magic! Whatever her chosen field, because of Mr. Miller, she had discovered that she was a researcher. She owed him for that.Lorna walked into the science classroom. It was about 15 minutes before first bell. She had gotten there early on purpose.Mr. Miller sat behind his desk, his hand exploring the bare expanse of his head. He looked worried."Is this a good time?" Lorna asked."It is always a good time," he replied. His expression softened as he focused on her."I have a question."“We all have questions. What is yours?”“My grandfather died last night.”“Jesus. I'm sorry.... How are you?” he asked, with an expression of genuine concern.“I'm ok,” she replied. “Thing is, he’s not really dead.”Mr. Miller pushed back from his desk and crossed his arms. "What do you mean? You just said he was dead.”“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I said he died. But I don't think he is dead, now.”Mr. Miller cocked his head, concern turning to confusion. He then snorted a brief whiff of laughter through his nose. “Sit down,” he said. “Why don't you explain a bit further.”Lorna set her backpack on the floor carefully and lowered herself into a chair at the end of his desk. She faced him.“Well, I've been experimenting with trying to capture essences of animals when they die,” she said.Mr. Miller stared at her. His head shifted back in a small spasm, like a miniature whiplash.Lorna took this as encouragement to continue.“You see, animals have something like a soul in them. Maybe not a soul but similar. And when they die it goes away. I've been working on ways to catch it before it dissipates.”Mr. Miller blinked. “Ok, and how are you trying to do this?”“I kill an animal, and right at the moment of death I place a glass bottle onto or into their mouths. I use tape to make the connection airtight. When enough time has passed, I take the bottle and seal it with wax and glue.” Lorna’s face stayed near expressionless. If anything, there was maybe a faint smile around the corners of her mouth.“Did this work?” Mr. Miller asked quietly.“Not at first. I realized I was using the wrong bottles. They were too new.”“Too new?”“Yes,” said Lorna, nodding. “There seems to be a correlation between age of the glass and the age of the dead thing. It has to be precise. So, easier to do with animals that have a known date of birth. From breeding litters, that kind of thing. You find glass made the same year and it works. I messed around a bit with the sealant and amount of time. Too long and it tries to go back into the dead body and that doesn’t work well. That can get messy.”“Messy,” Mr. Miller repeated.“Yeah. I had a cat explode a bit. The head exploded,” said Lorna with a soft laugh.Mr. Miller stood up and went to the wall where there was a black phone. He picked it up and dialed.“What are you doing?” she asked.“One moment,” he said to her. Then he spoke into the phone.“Sorry for the late notice,” he said, “but I just started feeling unwell. I'm going to have to cancel classes for today. I'll be in my office for a while resting." Pause. "Thanks," he said and hung up the phone. He turned to Lorna. "Why don't we continue this conversation in my office."He stood up and led her down the hallway, and to the small one-window office at the back of the school. Lorna could see the school dumpsters out of the window. Mr. Miller pulled out a battered wooden chair and placed it facing his desk."Please" he said, indicating the chair.She sat, backpack slowly lowered to the ground next to her.“Please continue,” he a said with an inviting gesture.She continued as if there had been no interruption: “With the right aged bottle I was finally able to capture the essence properly. I could hear noises coming from the bottle - purring and whines and meows. This was my first success. The cat was 2 years old and the bottle had a date from the same year. I got lucky, you see, because the bottle manufacturing date is not necessarily accurate. Lots of positing here.”She paused and rubbed an eyebrow. “You know, I was thinking ahead on this, but if you wanted to do this in an organized way you would start manufacturing bottles from scratch. Every batch would have a date, and you could match it to the birthdate of the person in question.”“You think this would work with people?” asked Mr. Miller slowly.“I know it can,” Lorna said.“You…" He paused, “You mentioned your grandfather. This have to do with him?” There was a catch in his voice.“Of course!” Lorna said excitedly. She was smiling now. “He was my very first human trial. You have taught us really well, Mr. Miller. For instance, I realize that I don’t have a controlled sample, and that using my own grandfather means I have bias, but the opportunity presented itself and I went with it. You can call it a case study.”Mr. Miller sank back into his office chair. It was worn and upholstered with brown plaid. It sagged when he shifted his body weight to the left. Lorna saw him look at his cell phone in his right hand. He then lowered both his arms under the desk. He pulled the chair up and leaned forward again. He breathed heavily, like someone finishing a sprint.“OK. Let me get this straight. You have found that by using glass bottles adhered to an animal’s mouth at the time of death, you can capture its essence in the bottle. And that once you seal the bottle the essence stays there?”“That’s what I said, yes,” replied Lorna, her eyes narrowing.He then asked the question because it had to be asked: “How do you know it is the essence?”“Because…Come on! Haven’t you listened to anything I’ve said?” Lorna felt impatient and a building anger. Mr. Miller was so slow to understand. He should have been excited. Instead, he looked worried.“I have. I have,” he said. “I’m just confused. Even if something is there, in the bottle, how can you know what it is?”“That’s what I need you for. I need to do more research, better research, with more studies, more subjects. And I need a way of analyzing the essence without losing it,” she said.“OK,” said Mr. Miller. He swallowed and nodded.“You don’t believe me,” Lorna said.Mr. Miller ignored this. “Have you brought any of your tests to show me?” he asked.“I brought my grandfather. I thought you would be most interested in a human trial,” said Lorna.Mr. Miller’s face then shifted in a way that made Lorna think of her phone when the brightness was turned down. His voice when he spoke next was thin and low. “Please describe precisely what you did in order to capture your grandfather’s essence. Be specific. Accounting precisely all the details of the method is very important to replicating a result.” His attention shifted down to his lap and then centered back on her.“Yes, I know,” she said.“Go on, and please, give me a little background on the subject. Your grandfather. Why him?”“Of course.” She sat up straighter. Maybe he was finally taking her seriously. Maybe he would be proud of her. Maybe he would be jealous.She took a deep breath. She let it out.“My grandfather has been dying of lung cancer. He has been in the hospital off and on for the last couple of months. He spoke to me during this time – more than he had ever before - about his life, growing up in Kansas, the fields, the war he fought in, moving out to California, grandma."I talked to him about death. He was - opposed to it.” Lorna made a single laughing sound. “He came home from the hospital this time and we were told it was THE last time. We were told that he had a couple of weeks tops.” She paused and sighed, looking at her backpack.“I talked to him about my project. He was very interested. He told me that if there was a way to stay living, where he could have his mind, and not be in pain, that he would take it. He said that this was what he thought heaven might be like.” She looked up at her teacher.“Wouldn’t you like to live forever?” Lorna asked him, looking straight into his eyes.“I suppose it depends on what that means,” responded Mr. Miller.“Yes, well, I decided that the best thing I could do for my grandfather was to add him to my experiment,” said Lorna.“So, what did you do? Again, please be specific.”“I found a bottle in his barn that seemed to be from the era when he was born. I took it to an antique store and had someone date it for me. The date they gave me was 1944 to 1945. My grandfather was born in 1945 so I took a chance. I think that if the bottle is older that it may still work but younger does not. At least that is one of my hypotheses. So, I brought it home and found duck tape and wax and a glue gun. I waited by his bedside for a number of days. We talked and he slept. He got more and more sick and had to take more and more medication. He started to have trouble breathing. He would gasp and stop and then gurgle and start again. They finally started giving him oxygen.“Last night he took the oxygen mask off and told me he was ready to go. I brought him his pills and he took a few. I waited until he was asleep, then I duck taped the bottle to his mouth and waited. His vitals flatlined right around midnight. I waited the 30 minutes that had worked best with the cats, removed the bottle, and sealed it with the cap, wax, and the glue gun.” She paused. ”Well?” she looked at him expectantly.“You….” Her teacher rubbed his face nervously with his left hand. His right hand stayed under the desk. She had a suspicion about that hand but she said nothing.“It worked,” she said. “he is here”.Mr. Miller gulped. “Here? Can I see?”She hesitated. ”Don’t make me regret this.” She pulled out a dark green translucent bottle. “Coca Cola” was etched in a relief that stood out on the bottle. The top was covered in dark red wax, the edges with hot glue.She held it out to him. “Put it to your ear. You’ll see.”His left hand shook as he reached for the bottle. The bottle felt warm. He looked her in the eyes as he held it up to his ear. He put it down.Mr. Miller shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I don’t hear anything.”Lorna grabbed the bottle from him roughly and gave it a violent shake. She leaned over the desk and shoved it toward Mr. Miller’s head. “Here! Can’t you hear this?” In the bottle she could clearly hear a hum of a voice and a call as if of anger or surprise. Lorna believed that it didn’t like to be shaken, but it was sure more active afterwards.Mr. Miller closed his eyes as if listening intently. Then he leaned back, opened his eyes, and shook his head. “I’m sorry. Maybe I just can’t hear it for some reason. Maybe I’m the problem. You wouldn’t want me to lie, right?”Her mouth screwed up, she sucked her lips in. She grabbed the bottle and took a long time placing it back into her backpack.She looked up, “You know, I suspected you might want to take this for yourself, figure it out, get a Nobel Prize.” Her voice went up a pitch while still remaining a little above a whisper. “You aren’t saying you don’t hear it just so you can steal it, are you?”Mr. Miller shook his head. “No Lorna, I’m sorry. I really don’t hear anything. But I will be sure to encourage other people to check out your findings.” Pause. “Do you still have the tests from the cats? You didn’t get rid of those did you? A good scientist, a good researcher, keeps and catalogues successes and failures.”“Yes. I have them.” She stood up. She leaned over his desk and looked down at his lap.“Where is your cell phone?” she asked.He raised his right hand. The phone was in it. The screen was off.“Were you recording our conversation?” asked Lora tightly.“Of course not,” said Mr. Miller.“I think you were,” she replied.Mr. Miller considered his options and shrugged. “Ok, yes, I was, for reference, and to assist you of course.”Lorna sighed and went back to her chair. She looked at him in the eyes. “I’m going to show you my methods first hand so you can get to know them better. It’ll be much more useful than just listening to me explain them.”She lifted her bag and slowly placed it on the desk.“Would you like to help me?” she asked.“I’m not sure,” said Mr. Miller. “I think we should ask someone else for help. How about that? Maybe someone else would hear it.” He looked toward the door.Lorna followed his gaze and then focused back on him. “Just help me out. I’m going to collect some good data. Mind grabbing the supplies from my bag?”“What supplies?” he asked.She looked down at the backpack and back up at him.Mr. Miller sighed and put down his phone. He opened the backpack.Crumpled white t-shirts surrounding the bottle with wax on it.A roll of duct tape.A candle.A lighter.A glue gun.A pale green vintage 7-up glass bottle.“Wait,” he said. He looked up and felt something from behind. Burning and pain in his side. Then a wave of cold.As he slid down into his chair, his vision blurred. Through the looming blackness surrounding his head, he heard words, low and soft:“Thanks for all your help, Mr. Miller. I couldn’t have done this without you.”
 There was a time when men feared the sea. They feared its storm-tossed surface, mysteriously winking at them from under the moonlight, and they feared its frothing waves, whose white lips had swallowed countless fishing boats, stealing whatever lay within. The young sailor on his maiden voyage, more nervous than most aboard, had heard of fathers drowned, sons washed overboard. His mother had begged him not to go, but where money is scarce, as it often was in the village, there was little choice.With each swell, the reluctant ship pulled further away from the cove and the safety of its moon-bleached shore. Further from the small fishing village and its twinkling lights, and into the damp dark of the night. Out here, it was each man for himself, and each man against the sea.Piles of dark fish flopped upon the deck. More lines and more nets were cast down into the depths. They'd fish the sea bare for a buck. As the sailors pulled them up, they always checked the contents: there were things in the water that you didn't want to catch. And the sailor's eye, always, stayed on the surface, as though fixed in its socket.Don't go, his mother's voice called in his mind. If you go, I feel as though I will never see you again.And then he recalled his father that early morning, slumped in the old living room chair, breath dizzy with alcohol and eyes glazed over. Another late-night bout going 'round the pubs. A slight, breathy snore stirred the strands of his hair. He wouldn't wake 'til noon.He'll lose his pay today if he doesn't go.Don't go.We have rent to pay.Don't go.And with what money will we buy our food?Don't go.She'd clung to his arm as he walked out, wearing his father's wool sweater and cap. He shook her loose and shut the door. He didn't turn as he walked down the garden path, knowing it was her red, teary-eyed face he'd see, lingering at the window. *She could feel them coming. Men, whose blood was sweet on her tongue, men with flesh as soft as a ripened peach. The sea rejoiced, its song bitter cold and familiar, its harshness stirring the waves into a deathly dance. They rose steeply, eagerly spilling over the rails and flooding the slippery deck.She rose from the depths with rough, kelp-like skin, iridescent scales glinting in the inky water. She was a horrid thing: insidious, slitted eyes peered just above the murky surface, and puckered gills flapped arduously in the folds of her neck, suffocating in the air. Hair like knotted twine fell to her hips. Her tail burned and itched where skin used to be, rubbed raw where a single rope hung around her single ankle in a pretty little knot. The rope was twisted and frayed, but its fibres were unyielding, and it tied her to her last memory of who she once was.She bucked in the next wave of the coming boat as her body was thrown downwards, salt stinging her eyes. But she rose once more, she saw him at last; staring back at her from the railing of the ship was a sailor with sea-green eyes.There was a time when she knew this man. He was just a boy then, a youth with a pretty face and a pretty smile. A boy that made the village girls’ hearts flutter—hearts that seemed as thin as paper when he tore them in two. He was a fisherman now, a job that was never wanted, but always in demand; fishermen had a habit of disappearing around here.He had become unfamiliar to her in many ways—skin tanned from hours of toil under the sun, wrinkles just beginning to form around the eyes, lips pulled down in a permanent scowl. And now, face to face, she smiled and watched those weary eyes contort in horror. They all feared the sea; he feared it more than most.Do you remember me? she asked, in the song of the sea. He hesitated, and in that, she found her answer.*As a child, she’d once lingered too long by the ocean’s shore at sundown, despite her father’s warnings. When the tide came in, the frothing waves had grabbed her by the ankles, and she'd barely escaped their urgent grasp with her life. Years later, when she finally stepped foot on the beach once more, the water’s frothing edge brushed her foot when she wasn’t paying attention. She screamed. The laughs of her schoolmates still rang in her ears. She thought she’d never outlive the humiliation, the teasing—until one day, when a boy with sea-green eyes came to her with a note. Sundown. Meet me at the beach.They stood still on the pier, the sinking sun colouring their skin red, the warmth of the day fading with it. The girl’s paper heart fluttered in its cage of bone as the boy handed her a knotted bracelet—a sailor’s knot—and smiled.I love you, he lied. And when she reached up to kiss him, he pushed her into the sea.The others laughed with adolescent glee when he threw her over, and they watched as she sank. Seaweed wrapped like chains around her ankles, strong and slick, and the water closed around her, choking her, coaxing the last bubble of air from her thin throat. Above her was the dull thunder of laughter, softened by her watery grave.The schoolboys were cruel, but they were only young and foolish, and proud of their heartless trick. They waited for her to surface; they forgot she could not swim. *And the girl had waited. Now he stood in front of her, with eyes pretty as sin and dull with surrender. Around her, the sea hissed, its sirens singing sweetly to the sailors aboard the ship in husky whispers. Indeed, men feared the sea for the sea was monstrous, but she was a monster too.I love you, she lied. And she dragged the sea-eyed sailor under the waves.
 “You wanna do something fun?”I turned my head toward Marina’s voice, my eyes still closed to the sunshine. “No. Like what?”I felt her roll closer, our sleeves brushing against each other and her book nudging against my ribs. “Let’s go to Kaz’s house and see if his dad will let him out early today.”My heart fluttered. “Kaz’s dad never lets him out before 5 PM, you know that.”“But maybe he will if we ask?”I opened my eyes to give her a pointed look.“You’re right,” she groaned, throwing an elbow over her eyes and nearly smacking my face with the book in the process. I closed my eyes again, taking in the reddish glow from behind my eyelids. It was just the right amount of warmth, and I dozed off for several minutes. A face danced across my mind, smiling a crooked smile and winking a beautiful brown eye. He was reaching his hand out to me, enticing me to grab it and entwine my fingers with his—She shouldered me. “Let’s go back. The grass is starting to itch.”“I thought we were trying to catch the sunset.”“What if we went to the chandlery? There’s that book shop right by it, too. You’ve been wanting to go there.”The neighboring window displays popped into my mind; a tower of candles, all sorts of shapes and sizes. They’d just introduced a candle that burned from the inside out, the melted wax changing color. I’d seen one shaped like a cliffside waterfall, the wax turning blue as it dripped. Another had been shaped like a mountain, though I hadn’t seen it burn.It would be fun to browse, admittedly, and if Marina got too caught up I could always go check the new releases at the book store.“Fine,” I assented. I reluctantly opened one eye, then the other, then sat up. “What is that?”We’d been laid up on a hill just beyond the fence of my backyard, where the town reached its limits and opened up to the rocky grasslands, and the ocean beyond them. It was a rare shared day of leisure, and it felt nostalgic to return to this hill where we had spent so much time growing up. But we were grown now, and grown Marina didn’t want to spend all weekend on the hill with me anymore. She wanted to spend it with Kaz, the third of our trio-on-the-hill, who now made up the other half of her duo-on-evening-dates—which, of course, did not include me. That was a shame, considering I was hopelessly in love with him.“What’s what?” She asked.“That smoke, over there.” I pointed at the foothills on the opposite side of town, where a small plume of smoke obscured the lines of the horizon behind it.She stood and held a hand over her eyes to block the sunlight. “No idea, but it looks more like steam. Smoke usually has that ugly brownish tint to it in the sunlight, doesn’t it?”I shrugged and stood, grabbing our books. “Makes for good sunsets, though. Remember that grassfire out west summer before last? Those sunsets were—”The ground trembled beneath my feet, making me stumble over a rock.Marina caught me with a hand to the elbow. “Was that—”It trembled again, harder this time. And it didn’t stop. Smaller rockers were shifting loose, and a spray of them splattered our ankles. In unison, we clambered down the hill, hopping over the larger boulders, until we’d reached my back gate. The latch clattered against itself, barely seeming to make a noise at all with the dull roar of the earth moving all around us.I shoved the gate open and pivoted inside, the wall blocking the hailstorm of pebbles.            We braced ourselves against it, trying to ignore the rattling as we caught our breath. “Earthquake?” She asked.            “Since when do we get earthquakes in—”            A loud cracking noise interrupted me, and the stones between my hands shifted. I pulled away, watching in horror as a crack began to spread, snaking between the stones and leaving little puffs of dust in its wake.             The shaking stopped.             Marina stared in shock.            “That was… terrifyingly unusual,” I said hoarsely.            “Unusual? If it starts back up again, Meg, your whole house is going to cave in!”            I looked up to see an ugly crack spider web out from the corner of my window.             Oh, god, my parents.            “I’m going to find Kaz!” Marina shouted toward my back as I ran inside.            It was a mess. Some of the floorboards were popped up, bent nails sticking out at dangerous angles. The chandelier in the hallway (which hung low enough that my dad always needed to lean to the side as he walked past, lest he whack his forehead against it) was still swinging ominously from side to side.            “Mom? Dad?”            The hallway ran the length on the house, and I could see through the front door on the other side. It was open, one of the hinges hanging loose. As I rushed forward, calling out again, a photo on the wall crashed down, leaving a bright spot behind it that had been untouched by the sun for the past ten years, at least. I couldn’t help but look down at it as I passed. My own youthful face grinned up at me, my arms swung around the shoulders of bright-faced Marina and Kaz as they boosted me up in air to swing my legs forward at the person behind the camera.Shards of glass littered my path, crunching beneath my shoes as I moved past it.“Mom?” I shouted out again.I heard a faint reply drift in through front door, and with one last look back, I ran out to greet her.She was standing behind her car door like it was a shield, and my dad was at the wheel, his arm out the window as he waved me forward. I hopped over a large crack in the driveway, where the cement had lifted up to expose the sand underneath.“We’re heading inland,” my dad said gruffly as I leaned down to look at them. “Get in. A quake like that, who knows what the water will do.”A rumbling began to grow around us.“Meg, now!” My mom shrieked, looking frantically from me to the house.I reached for the passenger door, but pulled my hand back at the last moment.“Marina, she—she took off on foot. I’ve got to—”In a rush of impatience, my dad tossed me the keys to his motorbike and put the car in reverse. “Meet us at your grandmother’s as soon as you can.”As he backed into the street, my mom’s eyes met mine through the windshield, and her hand shot forward as if to grab the sight of me and pull it in.“I love you!” I yelled.The rumbling got louder, and the driveway gave a big groan as another section popped up. My dad’s bike, parked on the gravel just beside it, tumbled onto its side, the kickstand having jiggled loose.With a rush of adrenaline, I hauled it back up and slipped on, kicking it to a start and turning in a tight half circle, loose gravel ricocheting as I peeled out.I knew which way Marina had gone. Kaz’s shop wasn’t far, and we’d been so often I could probably make my way blindfolded in the dark. But this was different. This urgency, this fear—it made me second guess each turn. She couldn’t be that far ahead of me, and the shop was only a few blocks away.I gave a drawn out beep at each cross street, hoping it might alert her as well as warn the others.Many of our neighbors seemed to have the same idea as my parents, and were traveling the same direction—perpendicular to my own path. The bike swerved deftly between them, following my every command like we were one.As I took my final turn, the trembling returned tenfold. The road splintered apart, asphalt mixing with grass and soil as the corner landscaping collapsed in on itself. I paused for a moment at the sight; a red glow emanated from the depths of the hole. But I didn’t have time to investigate. I pulled the bike to a halt, stomped down on the kickstand, and stumbled through the front door of Kaz’s shop.“Kaz!” I screamed, shielding my head with my arms as I entered the shop. Bits of drywall showered down from the ceiling.“Here!” He shouted from beneath the counter.I was at his side with seconds. “Where’s Marina?”“I haven’t seen her,” he replied, glancing darkly toward the door to the backroom. Sunlight shone through it, like it was going right through the second floor. A dirtied shoe propped it open. “Meg, my dad—he… he—”I didn’t hear what he said next, as Marina rocketed into the room, a flurry of heat behind her.Kaz rose to his feet as she launched at him. Her arms entwined around his neck, wrapping him in a tight embrace. I looked again toward the shoe.“Something is burning out there,” Marina rasped. “The ground--it’s like lava!”            The light leaking through the front windows had a red tint to it that danced on the floor.             With another rumble, the front door swung open. A wave of heat rushed in, blowing my hair back. It was so hot it scorched my throat. We had to keep moving.            Together, we retreated out the back. I tried not to look as we stepped over the collapsed ceiling, and the other shoe still attached to a foot sticking out from beneath a tower of clay shingles. It didn’t move, except from the shifting of the shingles with the shaking of the ground.             The buildings in the row behind the shop were still mostly intact. Kaz tried three doors before he found one unlocked and pushed us inside before yanking it shut. Candles towered over us on either side. Some were beginning to lean this way and that, beads of condensation collecting on the sides.            They were melting.            And then I saw it. There, at the front of the chandlery, was the display. The waterfall candle was practically a glob of wax now, but the mountain remained. It burned bright, with red wax dripping in rivers down crevices along the sides, almost a volcano but not quite.            I had the sudden urge to destroy it, to snuff it out and shove it in the freezer.            Marina and Kaz were murmuring back and forth, their hands grasped together. I didn’t hear anything that they said. All I could see was the candle. Even when Kaz pushed through the doors and Marina cried quietly beside me, all I heard was the crackling of that small flame.            Each step forward felt like a leap, landing me closer and closer until—            Another rush of heat, and the tiles beneath our feet crumbled away with a jolt. I was left with nothing but a wooden beam beneath my feet, its shape imprinted in my mind’s eye by the cursed flames beneath.            Just out of reach, Marina screamed. Her elbows perched precariously on the same beam. One of her shoes dangled off her toes as she kicked, then plummeted into the heat below and disintegrated into the smolder.            “Meg!” She cried. “Help! Help me!”            That damnable candle crackled menacingly in time with the roar of the heat beneath us, menacing me. I needed to extinguish it—it was the only thing I could think to do.            But Marina needed me, and she couldn’t wait.             Carefully, arms outstretched, I toed my way across the beam. It rocked as I reached her, and with a loud creak, it bucked me off until I was hanging by an arm and a leg beside her.            But there, with the sunlight at his back, was Kaz. He’d come back. He hugged the beam, scooting forward with three points of contact. Then, he stretched out an arm, his fingers grazing mine. I stared into his brown eyes, my index finger stretching out toward his. I felt pulled to him, positively magnetized.            Marina whimpered.            Guiltily, my focus returned to her.            The surrounding beams has succumbed to the fire. The three of us were clinging to the only support that remained. We were in a straight line, Marina, Kaz, and I. And there, at the end, like an arrow to the sunlight, was the candle.            Kaz’s hand brushed against mine again.It was never my dream; he was never my dream guy. He was hers, all along. I’d known that, and I knew that it was my destiny to do whatever I needed to keep that dream alive. And if my time was up, I could help her.“Grab his hand!” I screamed, my shoulder aching. “No!” She screamed back. “No! We’ll fall!”I looked at Kaz, then back at her. She could use me as leverage to swing over. “We won’t!” I yelled back.Marina looked into my eyes again, her gaze searching as her hand slipped the slightest bit. Finally, with one big jerk, her fingers wrapped around my wrist. I let go with my other hand and grasped her, hanging by only my legs. I swung her once, twice, and a third time before her other hand grasped the beam behind me. I watched as she pulled herself up, Kaz’s hands lifting her beneath the shoulders. They turned toward me. “Your turn!” Marina yelled.I shook my head. The heat was burning my eyes and flushing my cheeks. I wrapped a arm around the beam, warm against me, right as one leg slipped free. “Go!” But it didn’t sound right in the heat. It was muffled, heavy.            “I can’t leave you!” She screamed. “It’s not right!”            “But now you’re safe, now you can—” I cried.            She crashed down suddenly, the beam beneath her cracking apart in a smoldering heat. I couldn’t bear to watch as she fell. There was only smoldering lava beneath us now, an acrid, bewitched smell rising from it.             My side of the beam sank down, approaching the heat.            Kaz, his end much shorter, sat up in shock.            We heard Marina’s scream.            It jolted him into action, and he reached to his side and pulled a floorboard from the debris. His brow furrowed in concentration as he maneuvered it across the room. I watched his forearms shake as he angled it up enough to prop it on the foundation behind me.            A bridge.            In a blur, I hauled myself onto it. It bent beneath the weight of me, but I didn’t have time to panic. Instead, I bounded across it and into Kaz’s waiting arms.            I pivoted around him, my heel finding the hollow ground where the cellar ceiling ended and the display case began. And there, the candle, red wax collected around the bottom like a mote. I blew on it, and with a gust of wind, the trembling and groaning of the earth around us stopped.            The red glow faded with the sunlight. The sun had set, and as darkness took over, Kaz and I looked over the edge of edge of the floor. There, amongst the charred remains of what had been in storage, laid Marina, her chest rising and falling.            The wood scraped my sides as I slid down to her, but I hardly felt it. Thought the blaze was gone, the heat remained, but I hardly felt that either. The pounding in my chest overpowered every other sense. Marina, Marina, Marina, it whispered. Breathe, Marina. Live, Marina.            I was at her side then, relief flooding me as I saw the steady rise and fall of her chest and the fluttering of her eyelids. Kaz huddled on her other side, her head cradled in his hand. His tears left clean circles on her cheeks, washing away the ash and rising back towards the moon as steam.            Whatever that had been, whoever had cursed our town, it was over now… but it was just the beginning for us. The three of us, huddled in exhaustion, would emerge with the morning sun, like a phoenix rising from the embers.
 I always get sick the day before the talent show.Some think it’s the Ghost of What’s to Come, because you know you’ll be sick the next day. All over town, stomachs turn over and twist when February 8th is around the corner.Being the band-aid ripper that I am, I’m always the first to show up at town hall. Why prolong the inevitable? I put on my loosest jeans and my biggest sunglasses, and I report for duty.Crystal is waiting with the clipboard when I roll up to the folding table that gets trotted out once a year for this very purpose. She barely looks up as I approach, and I’m reminded of the time we smoked weed together in the church bathroom and set off the smoke alarm in the middle of Easter service.“What’s it going to be this year,” she asks me, knowing full well what the answer will be, “The devil or the angel?”I put the box down in front of her. The dark chocolate of the cake contrasts nicely against the deep red of the cardboard background. Crystal sighs as she slightly raises an eyebrow and runs her tongue over her lipstick-stained teeth.“Devil,” she says, “What a surprise.”With that, I’m up the chipped cement stairs and through the heavy galvanized steel doors. I pass by the stretched blue fabric panels that block out the sound of choking and vomiting. Tomorrow, a team will come by with hoses and bleach to make the place presentable for the high school play next week. I hear they’re doing The Crucible.Good for them.I take my place in the third row, two seats in. Not exactly a lucky number, as I’ve never won a ribbon, but I’m a creature of custom. People start to file in around me, but nobody wants to sit in the row with the girl whose mother died at the talent show. It might not be back luck, but it’s certainly not good luck.My mother and I have the same soft blonde hair and the same love of cheap make-up and big hair, but other than that, we’re nothing alike.For one thing, my mother loved angel food.I cannot relate.When you lose your mother six days before your thirteenth birthday, you either become fascinated with the thing that killed her or you avoid it as best you can. There’s no avoiding the town talent show, so my only option was an embrace. I was sitting in the third row when my mother took her last bite of cake, coughed, and with a mouth full of vanilla frosting, looked out into the audience to find her daughter one more time before falling over right there onstage.According to the rules, nobody could help her for a full five minutes. Later on, the doctor would tell me that the five minutes wouldn’t have made a difference anyway, but his daughter won the contest that year, so it was hard to take him seriously.Nobody expected me to compete the following year, but there I was, standing in front of Crystal’s mother with my first box of cake mix to donate to the church pantry. She gave me a look of such pity that I was determined to make an impression. When I saw myself landing in fifth place due to an unfortunate bout of acid reflux, I took the remaining cake and smeared it all over my face and body. Some thought it was me making a statement or the behavior of a traumatized young woman, but it was neither. I just couldn’t imagine myself walking politely offstage still clean and pure aside from a few crumbs on my dress.This year, I sail past fifth place, but when Mitsy Milano upchucks her red velvet all over the judges sitting in front of the stage, I look around and realize it’s down to me and Veronica Knickersauce, the three-time winner of the talent show and favorite to take home the blue ribbon this year. The woman could eat cake like nobody else in the history of the competition. She was a member of the famed House of Knickersauce, which featured a roster of some of the best cake eater’s in the world.Despite what the editorials and opinion pieces might say about our town’s show being the downfall of civilization, eating is an art, and eating pastry is a fine art. Very few fine arts can also double as performance art, and that’s what we’ve turned into our little hamlet’s pride. Veronica is a demonstration of just how much talent it takes to look at something as simple as dessert dining and see the potential for it to be a showstopper.We began eating our final slices at the same time. Veronica’s red velvet slowly disappearing into what seemed like a never-ending gullet. Her technique is famed. She turns the cake over first, and eats down to the frosting. It’s become the signature move of the House of Knickersauce. I stick to the hole-in-the-middle-and-work-around-to-the-edges way of doing things, because as I said, I’m a lover of custom, and that was how my Mom liked to eat her cake.The cheers of the crowd as we reached our last bites began to shake the tables we were seated at. The plates in front of us trembled knowing that soon we would have a winner and a loser. If we both finished everything that was put before us, the judges would have to decide who won based on form and elegance. That would certainly mean a win for Veronica, and I placed the penultimate bit of devil’s food on my tongue feeling content that, while I would not win, I would be losing to such an esteemed--HckhchIt’s hard to describe what choking sounds like. That was the best I could do. But that’s what I heard. Choking. Deep in the throat. Air-clogged. Larynx in crisis.Choking.Upon looking over at Veronica, I saw the same look of panic that my mother had painted on her face the day she left me with nothing but a tarnished legacy and a loathing of angels and their cake. Veronic knew she was going to die. I knew she was going to die. We both knew I would be the winner of the talent show. The new owner of a coveted blue ribbon. A legend who took down a Knickersauce. The woman who was intimately involved in the only two deaths in talent show history. Some participants had gone comatose over the year due to excess sugar intake, but only two had died--First my mother, and now Veronica.Except that wouldn’t be the story.Because upon seeing Veronica begin to choke, slowly lowering herself to the ground, I decided to break one of the oldest rules of the Cake Eating Talent Show of Winnika Falls--I did not wait five minutes before giving someone the Heimlich Maneuver.Truthfully, the rule is five minutes before any assistance to someone who’s choking, but the Heimlich is far out of bounds, and that’s what I started with lifting my competition up in the air, and pushing my fists under her rib cage trying to save her life. Despite my best efforts, I saw that Veronica was still choking, the last piece of cake lodged firmly in her throat. I put her back down the ground and began jumping up and down her, intending to get enough air built up to blow that angel right past her lips.The audience was hollering, wailing, begging me to stop. She was already dead after all. Why did I need to debase her body in this way?But I knew there was more. I knew she wasn’t gone yet. I had watched my mother die on this stage. I knew what that looked like. The spectators didn’t remember, but I did.How could I forget?I hopped up and down on Veronica, threatening at the top of my lungs that if security or anyone else came near me, I’d stop jumping on her chest and move over to her head. That kept everyone at bay, but it didn’t stop them from screaming at me. The judges and the heads of the House of Knickersauce were at the lip of the stage, swearing they would cast me in jail for the rest of my life after this.Deep in my gut, I felt the cake I had consumed wanting to come up. I knew if I didn’t stop jumping, there’d be no preventing it. I also knew that if I stopped, Veronica was a goner. I kept going. She couldn’t take much more, but neither could I. One last jump and up came the offending crumb out of Veronica and into the air where it landed square on my face. A humiliation if I weren’t so thrilled that I’d achieved my objective. I had saved her in the way nobody had bothered to save my mother.I was a hero.And that was when I threw up.Silence erupted throughout the audience.And then--The crowd went wild.
 I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a riI’m supposed to write it ten times but my left hand starts shaking so I can’t hold the pen steady and the back of my head is buzzing and I have to do deep breaths like Dr. Spinoza showed me. In for four counts, out for five. In for four, out for five. In for four, out for five.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm. it is green and slimy and slightly pulsating. I wear sweatshirts to try to hide it, even in the summer, but I know people are staring at it anyway.I have to keep my arm tense and outstretched a little, because it is actually a tentacle and it is cold and slimy and I don’t want it touching anywhere else on my body, and I have to keep the fingers on my right hand in a tight fist because if I unclench them they might not come apart since tentacles don’t have fingers. I’m not crazy or stupid, I know that people have two arms and no tentacles. But I can’t help thinking that I might have a tentacle instead of an arm, and that’s why people stare at me. When I had a girlfriend she would tell me that people weren’t staring at me because my arm was a tentacle, they were staring at me because I was holding my arm funny and clenching my fist and also I smelled a little bit bad. I can’t get in the shower without walking past the mirror, and if I look in the mirror I might see that my arm is a tentacle, so before I started seeing Dr. Spinoza I only showered once a week and squeezed my eyes closed the whole time.When I first met Emily, I only thought I had a tentacle for an arm some of the time. I told her about my thoughts on one of our dates and she laughed at me, and I laughed too. But then when I started to have the thoughts all the time she started pushing me around in front of her friends, and pretty soon she decided she didn’t want to date a guy with a tentacle instead of a right arm anymore and she broke up with me.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I have a tentacle instead of a right arm.I finish my ERP therapy exercises for the night and decide to reward myself with a cookie and a glass of milk before bed. I have to wake up early tomorrow for work. It was hard to find a job that someone with only one working arm could do, but I finally found a job at a call center selling herbal supplements. I don’t think they work, but at least over the phone people can’t see my tentacle arm.In the kitchen, I open cabinets and get down dishes one-handed. It was weird, at first, using my left hand for everything, but I’ve mostly stopped dropping stuff. I opened the fridge and pulled the half-gallon of milk off the top shelf. But the movement was clumsy, and my left arm sent a bottle of ketchup tumbling towards the floor in the process.I have excellent reflexes. As soon as the ketchup topples, my right hand shoots out and snatches it from midair. It is cold, probably the coldest thing my right hand had touched in months. Condensation is already beginning to form on the bottle, making the plastic feel slightly slimy. Or is it my hand that feels slimy? It must be my hand, turning into a green slimy tentacle. The floor slips from beneath my feet.I open my eyes but don’t see anything at first, my eyes not yet adjusted to the dark. There is no floor under my feet; I stretch my toes as far as I can but feel only… what? Water, I think. I’m suspended underwater. The back of my head buzzes. Breath in for four counts, out for five… The water is warm. I’m underwater and breathing fine.I have to go to work tomorrow, I need to get out of here, but as I raise my arms to swim upwards, I see that I don’t have arms, I have tentacles. They are green and slightly pulsating. They are covered in mucus, allowing them to slice cleanly through the warm water. I am so much stronger than I have ever been, with no bones in my arms weighing me down. I could lift a car.I have tentacles for arms and as my eyes adjust I can see that everyone else does too. In the distance I can see more people moving effortlessly through the water, propelled by tentacles that cover their body. They are happy. They do not stare at me.One man is closer than the rest, and he is looking at me, though not unkindly. He has red tentacles for arms, and a dozen other tentacles coming out of his chest, his shoulders, his back, his groin.“I need to get back,” I tell him. “I have to work, and if I leave the milk out for too long it will go bad.”He doesn’t respond, but keeps looking at me, not unkindly, and a moment later gravity returns I am lying on the kitchen floor in a puddle of milk. I sit up. The back of my sweatshirt is soaked. I shiver, chilled by gusts of A/C. I hug my arms to my chest, attempting to warm myself. I have two of them, thin and bony things, a bit grimy and now half-soaked in milk.I miss my tentacles.
 “You wanna do something fun?” Duke dipped his head low, pulling down the brim of his hat to conceal his eyes a little more. Tiny beads of sweat dripped down the side of his face and along his chiselled jaw as he spoke, dampening the bandana around his neck. It was hot as the third layer of hell out here, even this late at night. Just how he liked it.“You gonna stick around when it ain’t?” Replied Travers sincerely, as he had done a hundred times before. The age difference between him and Duke was enough that both men knew, Travers needed the older bandit just as much as he needed his wand. “Always.” The two men nodded at one another from across the double doors of the saloon and pulled their bandannas up over their noses, leaving nothing of their faces visible but the eyes.“Then let’s ride.”The doors to the tavern swung open violently as the two burly outlaws burst into the room. The scent of ale and cheap whiskey hit their noses, bringing with it memories of nights like this. Nights spent searching for riches amongst the doldrums of the desert expanse they called home. On this night, over at the much busier Scaly Scamp in Butchers Bay, they’d heard rumours of a high stake die game outside town at a middle of nowhere saloon called The Well. Expecting to find all manner of gold and treasure piled high on a table, their eyes took in the sights of the space before them. The bartender stood, looking quite nonplussed at their extravagant intrusion. He continued pouring the amber-hued firewater that was the choice of gamblers around these parts into 5 lowball glasses on a brilliant brass tray behind the countertop. Off to the side of the bar, an old upright piano stood unmanned but open with sheets of music strewn across its top. There was one lone patron, an elderly man, slouched over a glass of mead on the table closest to the bar. He gave the outlaws a sideways glance upon their entry before quickly returning his attention to his own misery. “Can I help you gentleman?” The bartender asked, returning the cap to the bottle and placing it on the countertop in front of him.“I see 5 glasses full of juice but not 2 fellers in this place, sides us. Where’s the game?” Travers dipped his voice low and put a little gravel in it just to be sure. He could not know where the winds would take them from here, but he knew that he would not be identified or recognised, no way no how. Not if he could help it. “Game? I don’t know nothin’ about no game boys. I just get thirsty after a long night dealin’ with the rabble that come through here some nights. Bit of a closing ritual” The bartender lifted a glass as if making a toast, and downed its contents in a single gulp. “Whooo, that’ll do it. Why don’t you two take off them masks and pull up a chair? Drinks on me.” He placed two of the lowball glasses onto the countertop. Duke, having made his way to the piano by the bar, noticed a flash of gold on the bartender's wrist as he quickly guzzled the two remaining whiskeys in rapid succession. “No, I don’t think we’ll be doing that.” Duke traced his fingers along the keys of the piano, taking note of the dust collected there as he spoke. “That’s quite a timepiece you got there. Unusual for a simple barkeep.”“Who said I was simple?” The barman speedily reached his hands beneath the counter and raised them again with a firearm in each, one trained on Duke and the other on Travers. The drunkard stood up at his table and began to make a hasty retreat toward the saloon doors where Travers still stood. “Let him go.” The barman said coolly. “And once again, I’m gonna have to ask the two of you to remove those masks. I’ve been plenty cordial, time for you to return the favour friends.”Travers grabbed the old man and circled behind him, in the same swift motion drawing his wand and holding it to the drunkards head. Across the room, Duke rolled to the side as the barman, emboldened by the sight of the wand, let off a shot in his direction. Springing into action, Duke found the closest table and flipped it up on its side, kneeling behind it. The golf ball-sized bullet lodged itself into the wood of the upright piano to his right unleashing an awful mesh of sounds as strings snapped and random keys played discordant notes. The barman dropped the exhausted single-shot firearm behind the bar, and frantically aimed his lone remaining weapon between the now upturned table and the bandit with the hostage by the entry. “Let him go you majji bastards! You’re gon’ be outnumbered ‘fore you know it. And my friends… Well, they ain’t the type of people who take kindly to freak people holdin’ us regular people up with wands.” The calm had left the barman’s voice now, replaced with a tremor, and hesitation to his words.“People, people, people. Not much for language are ya feller?” Travers pointed his wand sharply at the barkeep, his right arm fully extended. Taking the drunken old man into a single-arm side headlock with his left, the junior outlaw stepped forward, confidently and with purpose making his way closer to the bar. “Look, I’m gonna be honest here mister, we ain’t really people people anyway. So I think we’ll take our chances on that.” The barman let his gun’s sights rest uneasily on Travers as he continued. “What say we wait on these friends of his Bee? See if maybe they wont be more amenable to showin’ us where we can find a nice friendly game of Devils Die.” He directed his comment at Duke, who was readying his wand. “There ain’t no damn game of Devils Die here! Just a thirsty man tryna close up his business and get home to his loving wife.” The barman was beginning to shake with fear. Duke leapt from behind the upturned table with his wand extended in the direction of the barman. “Gorrga!” A blast of electric blue energy shot forth from its tip, the bartender turned but could not fire in time. Taking the full force of the spell directly against his chest, his weapon fell to the floor as he froze in place. Petrified.“We’ll see about that mister.” Duke relaxed as he regained his footing and holstered his wand. Wiping some dust from his brown leather coat he addressed Travers directly. “Watch your words Three, he still has his senses about him, wanna take care of that?” He nodded toward the old drunkard, whose face was turning beet red under the grip of Travers’ arm.Travers let go of the old man and allowed him to take four hasty steps toward the swinging doors before silently casting a petrifying spell of his own. The old man was hit in the back mid-stride and turned a pale blue. He crashed to the floor, headfirst, with a sickening thud. “Petrification’ll likely only hold for about 5 minutes, so I’ma tie these two up. That native said the game is happening here, so there must be a trapdoor or some kind of concealed room. Have a look around.” Duke spoke the orders in a calm and collected manner, such that they didn’t sound like orders at all.“Shit Bee, what if we missed the game!? That was a hell of a ride out here for nothin’ if we did. All on the word of some sand-elf? I told you we shoulda just rode on up. What were you thinking leaving the horses a half-hour walk away? This late at night? Best be hopin’ our barman there was bluffin’ ‘bout these friends o’ his”. Travers furrowed his brow as he dragged the old man closer to the bar for Duke.“He was... Ain’t no one around for miles… And it's early in the morning, actually.” Duke corrected Travers with a sly smile beneath his bandanna, as he skilfully unlatched the timepiece from around the bartender's wrist. “Ain’t for nothin' though. This gotta be worth at least a three buck.” He said, holding the ill-gotten gains up for Travers to see before stuffing it into a leather pouch hanging from his belt. Across the room Travers began stomping on the floorboards and tapping the wall, making his way around the perimeter of the saloon. “As for my thinkin’. We work best with the element of surprise. How was I s’posed to know the barkeep would go get all brave and start shootin’? When’s the last time the sight of the wand didn’t spook our quarry still huh?”“Culver’s Gulch, I reckon it was. When we waltzed into that anti-majji spot.” Travers paused at a section of wall displaying a large oil painting of the plains. Hands-on hips, he looked up and admired the artistry in the detailed scene. Two mares, one black and one chestnut brown, were depicted running wild against a vast dry backdrop with a homestead off in the distance.“Culver’s Gulch, well damn that was a fun night! This son of a bitch is heavy, Three, he needs to lay off the drink.” Duke grunted the words as he heaved the patron’s body behind the bar and began tying him up, back to back with the barkeep. “You still havin’ fun?”Travers reached up and unhooked the painting placing it carefully against a section of wall he had already searched. “Yeah, I ‘spose. I dunno if I remember the Gulch as fondly though. We damn near lost Luisa that night, Duke.”“Fuck sake, Travers!” Duke stood, exasperated, and drew his wand. The air hung heavy with tension as Travers realised what he’d said.“Shit, I didn’t mean…”“S’too late. Gotta do what we gotta do. You find anythin’?” Duke began blindly blasting liquor bottles from shelves with his wand. His free hand searched the countertops for anything else of value, finding nothing but the two lowball glasses of fine whiskey and the half-empty bottle atop the bar. “Nothin ‘sides this painting. I kinda like it. Reminds me what this life of ours is all about ya know?”"Mmm-hmm" Duke sounded lazily in agreement, peering over the bar at the painting on the floor. He admired what he thought of as his protege’s naivety. “I’ve never understood why people spend their precious hours paintin’ somethin’ you can just look out yer window for.” He said, returning to his search for the money drawer.“It’s just… Nice.” Came the young bandits reply. “Puttin’ somethin’ like that down in a permanent way. Can’t no dragon’s fire or blasted earthquake ruin that homestead. These mares will live forever.”“Found it! Ha!” Exclaimed Duke, barely listening to the words of his younger counterpart. “This ol’ bastard had a good night it seems. Game or not.” He scooped the wads of cash and piles of coins out of the drawer and into his tiny leather pouch whose insides were enchanted to hold any number of items that could fit through its opening. “You want those mares to live forever you’re gonna need to shrink em down quick, ‘cause this place can’t see tomorrow now. Not with these fellers hearin’ my name. Come get a drink and let's go.”Travers took a deep breath and sighed. He tapped the painting with his wand and watched as it shrank down to no bigger than a mouse, the brilliance of the swirling brushwork disappearing to the naked eye at its new dimensions. He gathered it up and placed it in his own magical leather pouch before meeting Duke over the bar.“To fun! And getting rich.” Duke opined, caught up in the excitement of a good haul. He offered a whiskey glass to Travers who took it and shot it back immediately. The aged liquor, possibly older than he was, burnt his throat as it went down. Duke noticed a hint of melancholy in his young partner's eyes. He pulled down his bandana and continued, thoughtfully, raising his drink. “And to sticking around when we’re broke, or doin’ those things that..” He paused for a moment, collecting his thoughts. “… that break the spirit a little.” He took his glass and downed its contents. Travers followed Duke’s lead and removed his face covering revealing a face wet with sweat, and tears. Duke placed a hand on his shoulder. “Want me to do it, kid?”Travers shook his head. “No. It’s on me. Go on outside. I’ll be alright. I’ma just need a minute.” He grabbed the half-empty bottle and took a seat at a bar side stool as Duke tipped his hat and departed through the swinging doors to take a seat on the steps outside the entrance. “I’ll be right out here if you need.”Travers took a large swig from the bottle, consuming as much of its contents as he possibly could, before pouring the rest out onto the counter. The young outlaw buried his head in his hands and rested a moment, gathering the strength he needed to pull him through what needed to happen next. He reached into his tiny pouch and pulled forth a can of lantern oil, leaving it on the counter. Rounding the bar, he knelt low in front of the barman and the drunkard just as they began to regain mobility.“I’m terribly sorry ‘bout this.” He looked down at the floorboards, rather than making eye contact. No longer under the effects of the petrification spell, the drunkard remained unresponsive; unconscious as a result of the fall. The barman however began to weep openly.“Please, please don’t do this. I have a family. I won't say nothin'. I can’t. You can’t” The barman sputtered his words in desperation. Travers stared across to the door of the saloon from behind glassy eyes. He thought of the homestead in the painting. “I can. And unfortunately for you, I have to. We just can’t take the risk.”“I won't say nothin. I... I swear it. I never seen you, or your partner. I was lyin' 'bout those friends. I ain’t got nothin' and no one but my wife…Please.” Travers locked eyes with the barman. “You tell me where I can find her. And you have my word, man to man, she’ll be taken care of. Any gold I can spare, so long as I’m around these parts. Looks like it may be a while yet.” He maintained eye contact as the barman took in his promise.“Butchers Bay. Her name is Penny…. Penny Farnsworth.” The barman slowly regained a measure of composure as he spoke. Looking around, he realised what was about to unfold. “I don’t wanna die from one of your wicked spells… I’m beggin’ ya. Man to man.” He pleaded, his eyes settling on something behind Travers. The young outlaw followed the barman’s gaze to the single-shot firearm which he had dropped when petrified. He collected it. Steeling himself, he stared down the sights of the dead mans gun. And pulled the trigger.———————————————“Firenze!” Travers pointed his wand at the trail of lighter fluid he had set out and watched in regret as it sparked. Flames quickly began to engulf the ramshackle saloon in the middle of the road to nowhere. He turned to his partner, "That part was a lot less fun." Duke nodded and set off down the trail toward the post on which they had left their horses hitched. The two outlaws walked in silence for about 15 minutes before the younger spoke again. “We gotta find someone in Butchers Bay. I have a painting to deliver...And some other things.”“Alright,” Duke replied dryly.“Thanks for sticking around.”“Always.” 
 Darkness and silence filled the room, hand in hand, as the great door slammed open and all candles were snuffed out. I could smell wisps of smoke dancing in the air with petrichor. Though I could not see, the sound of footsteps on the stone floor thumped towards my throne, telling me of intruders. Whether they were friend or foe, I would not know until their faces and intentions were revealed.“Let us have light!” I yelled.As the flames flickered to life, the forms of three men became visible below me. Pieces of sticks, leaves, and mud-coated their tiny bodies. Indeed, they looked like uprooted saplings after a fierce storm. I looked to my servant, who was still shaking from fright. He looked at the strangers with disdain.“You are addressing King Tiberius,” he began, “Freer of Cities, Father of Sheep and Cattle, Grower of Crops, Son of the Sea, and Master of the Build. You may speak.”One of the men stepped forward and bowed, letting mud drip onto the perfectly polished stone.“Greetings, King Tiberius. I am Quintus, Conqueror of Lands and Vanquisher of Foes. We have been cast to this pitiful realm by Poseidon. We are famous adventurers and seek our reward of room and board. What say you to this?”It did not take me more than a moment to consider this request. In hindsight, my decision should have been much more calculated.“You insult my land and call it pitiful, Filthy Creature. I have reason enough to kill you where you stand. However, I shall have mercy. Let it be known that your king has never turned away a person in need.”I swept my hand dismissively at the group, and they left us. The horrid-smelling liquid that they left in their wake clung to the stone like sap. It was as a result of this stench that I moved my party to the ballroom. I confess dancing is not a joy of mine; I quickly became bored of watching my people twirl and move. At the first opportunity, I snuck away from the droning piano in search of excitement. Naturally, I set a course to the wine cellar. I was almost upon it when I heard whispering in one of the rooms. I decided to listen.“Let us review the plan one more time,” a voice said that I recognized as Quintus. “I will go to the wine cellar at sundown and place as many bottles of wine as can fit into this bag. Wait for me outside the northern door where we will rendezvous. I shall give you a third of the loot and we will sell it to your contact.”“You may rely on me, my lord.”“Very good.”Footsteps scurried towards me and I had to duck into an open door to avoid the traitor. Peering with my one eye through the keyhole, I saw my foe. It was my servant, Marcus. Why had I failed to recognize his voice? The man had managed to change his voice! My own servant, who had stood near me through fearsome battles and troublesome quarrels. Granted, Marcus stood more below me than anything else. Nevertheless, this was a betrayal. A plan began to form in my mind. Quintus was a greedy fool to be sure. I was certain that the scoundrel would choose the bottles that only looked expensive in appearance. Once I had reached the cellar, I grabbed the bottles that had no value and sprinkled bits of golden Lotus petals into them. The shimmering, delicate leaves swirled inside. Even I, the creator of my scheme, stood mesmerized as the last few rays of rose light dipped under the ocean for sleep. The sound of whispers and footfalls awoke me from my trance. Quickly, I hid in wait behind a shelf. Without hesitation, Quintus spoke: “If not for that God! That scourge of the sea! If Poseidon had not wrecked us with this oaf, we would be home by now! At least we may get some profit from this miserable ‘castle’.”Furious as I was, logic overcame me. I stood to listen. In my victory over Quintus, I wished to be able to tell him how he fell into my snare before I killed him. “Well, it looks like that thing they call king has some taste after all,” Quintus now held in his hand the special bottle.The men he had brought with him took up a bottle each in their hands and I watched as their eyes became consumed by the ruby, gold drink. Quintus himself stood as still as a statue, turning the bottle over and over to watch it move. It was then that knew I had him. Before I could alert them to my presence, Quintus slammed the bottle hard on the floor.“You fools!” he screamed to him men, “Do you not see? There are Lotus blossoms in this drink. You have allowed them to confuse your senses! Let us leave this wretched place!”Surprised as I was that Quintus had broken free of the Lotus’s spell, I leaped up and made my move. “Quintus! You have insulted me and my land for the last time! You collude with my servants, betray my trust, and steal from my cellars! I am the great Tiberius and no one shall treat me so and live!”I could feel the rage coloring my cheeks and coursing through my veins as I shouted. What exactly I said, I can not remember. By the time I had composed myself, crimson pieces of man dripped from my mouth and onto my shirt. In my fit, Quintus had managed to climb on top of one of the wine racks.“Get down from there, Filth!” I screamed, pushing over the rack.The next events only seem like flashes in my memory. Even today, I can see Quintus leaping over my head towards the door. The pain I felt as a shard of glass pierced my eye still pains me. The worst part of the affair was not, as you would presume, the blindness. No, it was Quintus’s cackling laughter as he bragged and shouted. Do not fear for my revenge. In those first dark moments, I cast a curse so strong no man could escape me. It comes with great satisfaction to tell my reader that, though I live without light, Quintus has lived without something even more essential - true happiness. 
 "You wanna do something fun?” Cash asked his partner.“Like what?”“I don’t know. Anything! I’m so bored. We’ve literally never been out.”His partner’s silence told Cash all he needed to know. If he was getting out, it would have to be on his own.Their spot in the back right-hand corner of the Drawer was thick with dust and obnoxious spiders that spun their webs even though there was no possibility of catching a fly. “Good practice, innit,” they would say, before scuttling away, presumably to bother the underpants down below.Cash wished he was a warrior, like Umbro or Reebok. They had the most interesting stories, oozing with danger. Only last week, Umbro had boasted about being splashed with fresh rain and how he had come within inches of a monstrous, slobbering dog. He didn’t believe all of their outrageous stories, but he yearned to have some of his own.“Why do you want to go out so much?” his partner, Mere, asked, “It sounds awful! The smells must be atrocious, seeping, cloying, we’d never smell new again and the washing machine sounds absolutely terrifying. You've only to look at the warriors to know we aren't washed separately. You should be grateful we’re too precious to be worn.”A pervading sense of woe engulfed Cash, suffocating him beneath an interminable life spent listening to other people’s adventures.“Is that what it is? We’re too precious? Did you ever think that we’re just… not liked?”“Preposterous! We are smooth and silky. Too good to wear and too good for out there. The sooner you realise that, the happier you’ll be.”Sensing this was a silly question, he asked, “Do you ever wonder if the Realm of Lost Socks exists?”“Don’t be absurd.”Cash unfurled himself very smoothly and very silkily from Mere, “That’s it. I’m going to see what it’s like at the front.”“Oh no you are not! Cash! Get back here!... Cash!”What was he doing? He didn’t have a plan, but it was already the most exciting thing he’d ever done.“Halt!” It was Umbro: war-sock and unofficial leader of the Drawer ever since the sad day that his partner never returned. He was the toughest sock Cash had ever met, seeming to be made of thick twine or perhaps cable ties rather than soft white cotton.“I, uh, just wanted to have a look up front. Is that alright?”Umbro shifted aside, but his tone made Cash feel embarrassed, “Careful not to pull any of your delicate threads on any of the regulars.”“Got it. Thanks.”As Cash passed the rigid rows of war-socks, he tried to appear indifferent to their overpowering aura of dominance. The hard red lines, angry black logos and off-white colour, which marked out the more experienced and therefore, more respected individuals.After the warriors, there were the smug colours, all jumbled together front-right. Boasting the highest probability of longevity within the Drawer, the colours were almost as arrogant and irritating as the spiders. Cash meandered away from them.Finally, front-left were the regulars, the everyday black socks. They intrigued Cash most of all, even more than the warriors due to their reckless attitude and promiscuity. Apparently, they got paired up with different partners all the time, so often in fact, that it didn’t strike them as obscene.Cash wondered what it would be like to be paired with someone other than Mere. The thought made his fibres tingle and slide in a most unsettling way. Mere didn’t even like to be touched by him too much, in case her strands should be delineated to some unfathomably small degree. He remembered their brief time in the store wistfully, so many lights, so many odd-looking humans to watch. And come night-time, games and conversation were rife for they were not the outsiders, they were one luxury pair among many. He wondered if all the other luxury socks had met the same impossibly dull fate as them.“Hel-lo,” said a black sock, “I’m Prim”. Its friendly tone made Cash feel uneasy.“Uh, hello,” Cash said, fastidious in his desire to not look at the other sock’s hole.“Looking for anyone in particular?”It suddenly occurred to Cash that this sock and a number of nearby ones (all black) were loose. He couldn’t tell who belonged together at all. Some had thin cuffs, others thick with ribs or without. Quite a few had holes, he noticed now, and the translucent beginnings of such. What was he doing here? They might pair with him against his will, they certainly didn’t seem too bothered about keeping to their original partners. Although, Cash mused, if he was worn often enough that he developed a hole, maybe he wouldn’t be so fussy either.Unfortunately, he’d attracted attention. Loose black socks in varying states crowded him, rubbing against him, touching, stroking. The onslaught of questions reminded him of Lost Property, a party game they used to play in the store afterhours.“Lookin’ to kick up your heels?”“How long have you been back there?”“Do you think my hole is too big?”“Does this mean Mere is available?”“What? No!” She would literally unravel at the thought. This was a mistake. He needed to get back. Now.He was just beginning to edge away when the Drawer was yanked open to cries of excitement and dread. Then, everything happened at once. Warm human fingers plucked him up out of the darkness and swept Cash into the light. He shuddered as warmth invaded his core and toes waggled, pushing at the insides of his fabric. A hand brushed against him, he thought in appreciation, and manoeuvred him into an odorous shiny black shoe.Hair. There was hair inside him! Oh, it was so itchy!“You get used to it,” said Prim. He’d been paired with her! Shame, outrage and disgust washed over Cash, but there was nothing to be done. He wanted out and here he was. Time to deal with the consequences.“What’s going to happen?” he asked as the lighting abruptly changed, it became brighter, all-encompassing and… warm. They were outside.“Not much,” she said, “Until we get to the basket.”“What happens then?”“Am I right in thinkin’ that you’ve only ever met socks?”No point in lying, “Yes.”“Oh! What a treat! I hope some of the bras and knickers are in there, they’re so much fun.”Cash didn’t question what kind of fun that was, he was too busy trying not to notice a nearby pair of sheer nylon stockings. They were see-through! He was out of his depth. He should never have left Mere but… would she even want him back? This was too much.Abruptly, he realised Prim had said something, “Sorry?”“I said I lost my partner, Mark, a while ago. He never came back to the Drawer, but you will. Don’t worry, you’ll see Mere again.”“Thank you,” he said, “But I’m not so sure she’ll want to see me.”The rest of the day was a tumble-dryer of activity as far as Cash was concerned. He saw pens, paper-clips, crumbs, scrunched up balls of paper and lots of other socks, out and about, conversing, sharing stories. It was everything he’d dreamt of and more!The more being how pleasant Prim’s company was. She was funny, kind and very cheeky, a polar-opposite to Mere. Long before they returned to the house, Cash decided that he wanted to keep her as a friend, even after they got back.He was about to tell her as much when he was suddenly lifted out of the shoe.“Here we go!” Prim said, “Into the basket!”“Wha—”Before Cash knew what was happening, he was sailing through the air, buffeted by a ceiling fan he hadn’t previously realised was there. The basket rove into view and he plunged in, landing atop a white t-shirt right at the bottom.Prim didn’t follow.He waited.“Prim?”“Musta missed,” said the white t-shirt, “She’ll be in soon enough. Don’t worry.”Cash waited, wishing he could do something. More items joined them. Tops, ties, shorts, vests, more black socks (that didn’t match each other, but who was he to judge) and a pair of jeans which would have made the coloured socks look humble. No knickers. No bras. And no Prim.This was a disaster.He was buried beneath who knew how many others, now in utter darkness, listening to the strange human sounds, which were much louder than in the Drawer despite his unfavourable position. Had something happened to Prim? Horror stories were told of a white cat that murdered socks, peeling them apart strand by strand. No! She had to be here, above him, somewhere.He was in there so long he thought he’d never experience anything else, that this was the eternal darkness, melting into him. However, the white t-shirt assured him that this was simply the way of things in the basket. “Have patience”, it said.Eventually, the time came.“Here we go!” The call went up from the top and permeated the basket like water on a dry sponge. Cash braced himself. He hadn’t asked anyone about the washing machine, he’d been too frightened. Oddly, the other items of clothing seemed excited. A distinct crackle of expectation zipped about as they were loaded into the gleaming silver drum.A boom resounded as the door was slammed shut and water began entering from somewhere, rising inexorably, foaming and tilting one way and then the other. The clothes around him squealed, the anticipation reaching unbearable levels.Then, it started.The splashing water, the rocking back and forth, the random full-spin and then doubles, triples! Never had he felt such exhilaration. Cash hooted and lost himself in the whirlpool.Whum, whum, whum… SPIN!Whum, whum, turn… SPIN!The clothes screamed, rapturous, absolutely befuddled with pleasure until, sadly, the spinning abated, the water drained and the door latch unlocked.He was clean again!He smelt different, fresh and apparently of lavender. He wondered how he went about joining the ranks of the regulars. He would have to ask Umbro, but that didn’t scare him anymore.Another sock, a bright yellow one was pushed into him as they were lifted out of the machine, “First time?”“Uh, yes.”“Thought so. I’ve been more times than I could count,” Yellow said, “I even remember the old washing machine. I was in it the time it broke down. Did you know that?”“No, uh, what was that like?”He wished he’d never asked as Yellow’s tone deepened, “Dark days. You wouldn’t understand.”As off-putting as Yellow was, Cash had a question and old socks knew things, “Does the Realm of Lost Socks exist?”“You really want to know?”“Yes.”“Then,” Yellow said with exaggerated solemnity, “you must fall. For only in letting go can we truly discover our innermost desires.”“What?”“He means,” a nearby pair of stripy shorts said, “let yourself slip and fall off the clothes horse and onto the tiles.”“That’s suicide! What about the cat!”“Who told you about that?”“I heard.”“Don’t worry about the cat.”“IS there a cat?”“… sometimes.”“Then I’m darn well worried!”Yellow shushed the shorts, “He is not ready. He is too young. Leave him to the Drawer.”The Drawer.The sameness of the Drawer loomed in Cash’s mind.All the memories hurtled to the forefront of his consciousness, overwhelming him. The frigidity of Mere, the aggressive war-socks, the self-satisfied colours all huddled together in their little groups and him alone, at the back, in the dark with the cobwebs and the dust motes, forever.He let go, allowing himself to slide off and fall with a soft thump to the cold white tiles, leaving behind a cacophony of shocked gasps. Collectively resembling those drafts of wind that sometimes slip through the unseen gaps of windows, doors and walls.Cash tried to move and panic seized him. He was so heavy! He’d never been wet before, at least, he didn’t think so. If the cat came now, he was as dead as a white t-shirt stained with cocoa.A movement snatched his attention from across the room. The shadows beneath a large machine were shifting, it reminded Cash of when the regular black socks had a party at the front of the Drawer.Voices resounded from overhead, “Move! The cat might come! You can do it!”He moved. Scrunching and sliding, inexorably inching closer and closer to the shadows. To safety. A trail of wet marked his progress and he thought he might make it. Maybe the Realm of Lost Socks really did exist! Maybe this was the beginning of his new exciting life. He’d always suspected that there was more than the Drawer.He was so close he could make out the familiar shape of a sock in the shadows when a distant shout made his silken fibres stiffen. “CAT!”No! He was so close! This wasn’t fair! He wriggled with all his tiny might, heaving his sodden self faster. Had it seen him? Was that the sound of padded paws on smooth tiles?He imagined jagged claws ripping him apart and with one last humungous effort, slid beneath the machine and into the darkness. A white paw followed him, blindly slashing, but he was just out of reach. He’d done it!“You,” rumbled a voice from the deepest shadow, “are one lucky sock.”“Who are you?”The owner of the voice approached Cash, revealing themselves to be a long dark sock adorned with silver diamonds, “Name’s Argyle, and you are?”“Cash.”“Welcome. Now, follow me. It’s dangerous out here.”Cash followed, struggling to keep up but thankfully, he didn’t have far to go. On the other side of those shadows was a ragged hole in the wall which Argyle ushered him through.“What do you know of the RLS?After a moment’s hesitation, Cash said, “Nothing.” It struck him only in that moment that he had done all of this for something he knew nothing about. He’d thrown away everything for a feeling, an idea. He must sound insane. “Good,” Argyle said, “That means no one’s talked. We have to keep our numbers relatively low to avoid suspicion.”They wriggled through the wall, Cash following Argyle’s path directly into a large open space inside the wall. How this was possible, he didn’t understand, but here it was: the Realm of Lost Socks, the RLS.A few small holes high above draped the space in a magical haze, spiderwebs filled the corners and socks of all shapes, sizes and colours mingled together. They all seemed to be in a good state, which confused Cash until he saw one with an irregular patch of cloth over its heel.“You can mend yourselves?”“Yes, the spiders help with that. We are not confined to a drawer and we are never paired unless we want to be. You are free to leave, to roam if you wish but it is very dangerous, as you know. Sadly, few return.”“What were you doing out there then?”“A friend of yours asked me to keep a look out for you. She had a message, but now she can give it to you herself. Ah, here she is.”“Prim?!”“Cash! You’re here! What happened?”After recounting his tale, he felt a tide of guilt sweep over him, “I’ve abandoned Mere.”“No, you haven’t,” Prim said, “She’s absolutely fine. She prefers being alone, says that you used to move around too much. Umbro guards her now. I think they actually get along.”“How do you know all this?”“The spiders,” she said, as if were obvious, “They know everything! If you ask me, they’re a bit insufferable, but handy. I’d be nice if I were you. They patched up my hole! See? Good as new and I haven’t told you the best part! Mark’s here!”“Mark? You’re partner?”“Yes!”“That’s fantastic, Prim. I’m happy for you.”A strange fuzzy feeling bloomed inside of Cash as he watched Mark sidle up to nuzzle at Prim. Argyle drew his attention away for a moment to say, “If you want to go back to the Drawer. It can be arranged, although, it is a risk.”“That won’t be necessary,” Cash said.He’d identified the bizarre feeling and he wasn’t going to let go, not this time.He was happy.
 The door before her was simple yet elegant, its edges sure, the ornamentation carved into the ebon surface maddeningly intricate in a way that even the most prodigious crafter would struggle to emulate. A curve of smooth, polished brass made its handle, matching the hinges and keyhole; mechanisms of such meticulous design that never would they perform their functions to anything less than the peak of their capabilities, a sentiment echoed by the rest of the Moonswath estate. Her father would settle for nothing less than perfection.It was no wonder, then, that she should feel like a stranger within its walls.Vekka pushed the nagging thought from her mind. This wasn’t about them, she told herself. Not entirely. This—standing in the guest hall of her parents’ manor at the dead of night, the weight of the Moonswath lineage bearing down on her while she languished like a hesitant spirit before the door—was about her. Them.Us.Palm sweating, Vekka shifted the candleholder to her other hand. In the flicker of the passing flame, she caught the imperfections in the brass handle: the press of fingers smudged the once-impeccable sheen. However, where others would just see fingerprints, or Gastywain another mess to fuss over, Vekka saw a statement of intent, an act of passionate revolution that dared to strip away the veil of perfection so as to lay bare the imperfect truth beneath.It was a signature only Ahmelia Valunkroft could leave.The eyes of her ancestors scrutinized her, their painted judgments lacking for nothing, a trait not lost upon her parents.What a disappointment you are.They’d never said as much, of course—not directly, anyhow. Warren and Elenor Moonswath possessed too much etiquette to make such bullish passes at her, whether in-person or to others. They had a reputation to uphold, after all; a grain they would never cut against lest others find reason to look down their noses. Yes, they were craftsmen, builders and land workers, but none could mistake the dirt on their hands for that of the common toiler. The Moonswaths were captains of industry, artisans bred under the mantra of hard work and yoked to the traditional values of family.Growing up, Vekka had never hidden her love for the rougher ways of life; she preferred muck-boots and leathers to a dress, and while others her age would go into town for dancing and gossip, she could be found in the lumberyard splitting logs, or learning wrestling and swordsmanship from the Watch Captain. And with her father’s blood running strong in her veins, they could hardly argue that she was better suited for daintier pursuits.Still, they tried to nudge her this way and that: when fancy trappings and arranged courtships failed, passive-aggressive remarks filled the void.“Think how much prettier you’d look if you wore your hair like the other girls.”“Don’t you think you’re a little intimidating with all that muscle? You’ll scare away the boys!”They’d assumed her time at wrestling and blade training was an adolescent phase; they would let her play her little games, certain she’d eventually come around on her own.To say her parents were shocked when she announced her decision to attend Rullenroot Academy and become a klaeric instead of continuing to apprentice under her father would have been to oversimplify the matter.As staunch Arkaenites, they could show nothing but pride in her decision—their only daughter committed to the holiest path one of their Order could follow: to enter that pious fraternity of the Klaerichood—even if their Vilanic traditionalism kept them skeptical of the Order’s current course. They’d seen her off with the requisite amount of tears, though Vekka was no fool: she’d sensed the disappointment buried in the gestures, felt it in the clasp of her father’s embrace, mechanical as the miracle-machines in his shop.They wanted different things for her: to take up the family business; meet a nice man and maybe one day gift them with grandchildren; do her part to carry on the Moonswath legacy. Those were their hopes… hopes whose embers she’d caught still flickering behind their welcoming stares, diminished but by no means forgotten in the five-year span since she’d first left home.How could she tell them they would never get those things from her? That to even consider them was anathema to her truth?A truth Ahmelia had helped her inadvertently discover.I love her.A thought always, secret and sacred, but one she took out often, like a locket holding a cherished memory. It lent her a security and comfort she wouldn’t have thought possible only a few years ago.Vekka reached for the door handle, imagining that when she touched its surface, she would feel the fingers that had left the marks. What it would be like for those fingers to leave their marks on her, to cast off the veil and expose the truth locked away in head and heart. How liberating it would be, she thought.And how utterly terrifying.She would be stripped, a Vindicator without armor, naked and vulnerable to the barbs of judgment and worse, rejection.Vekka wanted to believe that Ahmelia knew—she had a heart like no other, piercing and insightful. Surely her secrets read like an open book to her Oath-Sister. And if Ahmelia knew and held her tongue, it was because regardless of her hand in the outcome, she would always cherish Vekka.What strength she would have then, to confront her parents with a finality she’d always pined for but been too scared to seek. It was why she’d fled to Rullenroot—why face a fear when it could be ignored?There she’d met Ahmelia, and realized what a coward she was. Here was a girl, raised without the comforts of wealth, orphaned by an unthinkable tragedy and made a ward of the Order, only to be ostracized and bullied by her surrogate family. Sent to fight and die in a dead-end crusade, all because she’d dared to perceive differently.It should have been an existence defined by misery, yet Ahmelia weathered every hardship with a passion that shamed even the most zealous Arkaenites. Vekka never felt more inspired than in the presence of her Oath-Sister, never more free to be herself. Because she knew Ahmelia understood.Does she, really?Vekka frowned. It was Judicator Zhara’s fault, this crippling doubt. She’d left herself unguarded last time, and the barracks commander had struck accordingly.It’s why they were here in the first place, after all.***Vekka Moonswath stood at attention and tried not to let her anxiety show. The dark walls of Judicator Zhara’s office—a rectangle of aged wood lit by the lavender pulse of a personal matter-lamp—were all-too-familiar by now, but it didn’t stop the rapid pounding of her heart, nor the dead weight in her gut. She resisted the urge to hide her face behind her crown of thick braids.She fought off a buzz of claustrophobia; the office was cramped. Not for lack of organization—Zhara Kilami kept the space in impeccable order--but rather an absence of consideration regarding planning. The room was most certainly not meant to house an office, but so it was.Judicator Zhara gave them nary a glance; her spectacled gaze flicked over the scroll tasked to her grip. Her lips were compressed so tight that they hardly registered as more than a lesion above her chin.Ahmelia, as usual, seemed far from worried by the Judicator’s countenance. The diminutive klaeric twirled a coil of her white hair, brooding with absent-minded impatience.A spark of frustration took Vekka. How could her Oath-Sister stand there so nonchalantly—where did she find the nerve to look so inconvenienced, knowing what she’d dragged them into?She nudged Ahmelia, rough enough that it earned her a smack on the arm. Vekka made to cuff her about the head.“That’s enough,” Zhara snapped.Vekka ducked her head, as much in apology as it was to hide the scald in her cheeks. “Judicator.”Ahmelia bowed, but with a huff that made Vekka grind her teeth.The willowy commander steepled her lengthy fingers, golden eyes flaring like shooting stars. Her usually vibrant skin, the color of fresh sunlight, was soured and stony with exhaustion."And to think, the classroom once brought shivers to my bones. Had I foreseen the insurmountable task of reining in the two of you, I'd have sooner kept my post instructing at the Academy." Zhara shook her head. "What am I going to do with you lot?"“We was just tryin’ to ‘elp,” Ahmelia said, more declaration than peace-offering.“Is that what you call burning Ghol Lamen to the ground?” With thumb and forefinger, Zhara removed her spectacles and set them atop a stack of dusty tomes. She pinched her narrow nose, the golden skin whitening briefly under the pressure. “How many times have we been here, hm? I mean, Arkaenus be—I see the two of you more than my own children.” A humorless chuckle slipped from her lips. “Now, the High Judiciaries are levying inquiries at me, curious how I allowed such brazen actions to be committed by klaerics under my command.”“We saved people!” Ahmelia argued.“You spearheaded an unsanctioned sortie that resulted in several hundred Lamenites being displaced throughout the Frontier,” countered Zhara.“They would’a died,” protested Ahmelia. “You weren’t there—you can’t say what was right.”Vekka pivoted, aghast at the audacity. “Ahmelia—!”The klaeric stamped her foot. “I wun be squallyboxed when I know!”Zhara shook her head, almost sympathetic. “Ahmelia, we’ve been over this. The rules are very clear…”“Piss on the rules.” Ahmelia spat on the floor. “Rules dun make right, Zhara—and you dun either.”Judicator Zhara palmed her desk with such force that the stack of tomes threatened to collapse. “Klaeric Valunkroft, I advise you hold your tongue!”Vekka flinched. She hadn’t thought the woman capable of such displays of emotion, but the fury that spewed forth was enough to silence even Ahmelia; she shrank away from the enraged Judicator, a blaze swirling into her pearly blue skin.After a moment’s breath, Zhara’s composure returned. “You are far out of line. And I am far out of patience with your rampant insubordination.”Vekka looked to her Oath-Sister: she looked fit to cry, her face puffy and flushed. Vekka’s heart twisted in her chest, and her gut bubbled in that peculiar way, as if summoned into action by one of Ahmelia’s invocations: it compelled her to speak, though she would have preferred silence. A reckoning was long overdue for Ahmelia and her brash actions—actions, Vekka reminded herself, that always burned both of them.Tell Judicator Zhara what happened. Tell her how you tried to stop Ahmelia, how she disappeared from the barracks and you went in search of her. Let her know none of this was your idea, and that Ahmelia acted independently of your wishes!Vekka sighed inwardly. She never could leave Ahmelia out to dry before.Now would be no exception.“Whatever your punishment, Judicator Zhara, I beg you: let me shoulder it, and spare my Oath-Sister. Leaving the barracks was my idea.”Vekka caught Ahmelia in her peripheral, locked between a state of bewilderment and gratitude that threatened to melt her heart.Zhara’s eyes hardened, and her lips pursed together in a way that suggested a lack of amusement. Sweat beaded on Vekka’s forehead, and she resisted the urge to wipe it away.“Klaeric Valunkroft, wait outside.”Ahmelia’s eyes widened. “But—”“Now.”Ahmelia shuffled out of the room.Judicator Zhara stood up from her desk. There weren’t many to equal Vekka’s height but the Judicator earned a few precious inches over her, enough to undercut the confidence it usually afforded her.A wry smile rankled Zhara’s soft features. “Do you think me an imbecile, Klaeric Moonswath?”Vekka forced herself to hold Zhara’s gaze. “No, Judicator.”“Then why risk my anger with this charade?”Vekka saw the chance Zhara was offering. She shook her head. “It is no charade.”Viper-thin eyebrows arched high above her sun-dewed brow. “Why should I believe you? Your record here is impeccable. A top graduate of Rullenroot. High commendations from instructors and peers alike. In fact, the only questionable act you’ve ever taken was choosing Ahmelia as your Oath-Sister.” Zhara switched gears suddenly. Anger became inquisition. Her fingers drummed against her desk. “Why did you choose Ahmelia? The two of you were never particularly close at the Academy.”“The Belfrost campaign changed that,” Vekka replied.Zhara shrugged. “That horrid purge changed everyone involved. Yet, you could have chosen anyone else from that expedition. Plenty of experienced soldiers marched that road. Men and women of your caliber.”My caliber? Vekka seethed. “With all due respect, Judicator Zhara, the oaths were mine to take.” She had to stop from biting off her words. “Ahmelia Valunkroft is a Binder without equal. Furthermore, she is passionate. She believes, in herself and others, regardless of contrary opinion. I adore her deeply—for it,” she hurried to add.There was silence. Something unreadable flickered in Zhara’s eyes, there and gone. Then: “And do you think she would echo your praises? Your… adoration?”Vekka opened her mouth to speak, but the words died in her throat. She had never considered such a question—she couldn’t.Zhara nodded, a simple act that belied the depths of her understanding. Vekka felt terribly known in that moment, and it chilled her; her heart threatened to stop. It was practically a blessing when Ahmelia was called back in and Zhara delivered their sentence.“I’m putting the both of you on leave, effective immediately. You will not be permitted on barrack grounds until I deem it acceptable.” Zhara shot down Ahmelia’s burgeoning protests with a withering look. “Be thankful for your Oath-Sister: it is by the strength of her reputation alone that I am not cowing to the requests from the High Judiciaries for graver punishments.”She picked up the scroll she’d been reading earlier—official documentation of their reprimand— and demanded their signatures. It took some persuasion and more threats before Ahmelia finally scribbled down hers. Her hands were shaking.“But where am I gonna go?” Ahmelia blubbered. “I dun have nowhere else!”“You should have considered that beforehand,” Zhara said, though not unkindly.“It will be all right, Ahmelia.” Vekka moved to comfort her, but the Binder turned and fled the room. A stone lodged itself in her chest, rough and sour: there was only one place for them to go, really. They hadn’t the coin to lodge elsewhere.Home.She hadn’t planned on returning. Not yet.There’s no choice.Resigned, Vekka bowed. She was halfway through the door, thoughts mired in the letter she would write her parents, when Zhara spoke again.“A word, Klaeric Moonswath.”Vekka turned. “Judicator?”The barracks commander fixed her with a critical stare.“Passion illuminates, but it can blind, too.”Again, that sense of being known, like fingers on an exposed nerve. Vekka lashed out, wounded. “Ahmelia means well.”“Aye.” Zhara frowned. “She’s a bright spark, I’ll give her that. But, a spark can quickly become a flame; the flame, an inferno. Uncontrollable. And we are naught but kindling in the path of such an all-consuming force. Something to remember.”Then she turned back to her papers, and Vekka was dismissed.***Zhara’s warning came to her now, an unwelcome companion in the lonesome dark of the hall.Vekka tried to ignore it, yet was unable to disabuse herself of its presence. The anger she’d felt at the judicator’s accusation returned: that she was blinded by this feeling, this adoration of her Oath-Sister—and to imply that such a passion could be harmful—incensed her.Are we not made as the Creator willed?It was the question she’d grappled with since she first began to understand who she really was, beneath the obligations of faith and family. Her time at Rullenroot had revealed to her a realm of possibilities never considered. One where a strange, blue-skinned girl would illuminate the path ahead with the fires of her faith.Ahmelia was undeterred. Unafraid. Connected to the Creator in a way Vekka’s parents’ belief would not allow, no matter the measure of their generosity.Vilanic Arkaenism: their faith was the wall that enclosed—a symbol of strength for the community and the convert; a warning to all others. The outsider was a threat, either to be avoided or, if the texts on the Vox-Arkaeni Vilana were true, annihilated. Even the more open variants practiced by most Arkaenites could be viewed as insular, despite the intentions of the Resonants’ missions.Not Ahmelia’s. Her belief was not some sub-sect to be codified within their history; it required no confirmation nor official categorization. This was spiritualism at its purest: Arkaenism as Gregorin Himself had intended, so Vekka believed. Pure, harmonious with the world around it and all its peoples. Prepared to defend but always willing to accept.And how badly Vekka yearned to be accepted.Again, she reached for the door. Her hand wavered, fingertips making hesitant passes at the smudges. She swallowed in a throat gone dry; her chest burned.All she had to do was step inside and be heard. No more weight. No more obligation. No longer broken. She would be reborn. Rebuilt.Whole.Tears slid down her face. The candle wavered; she trembled, the cold heat roaring behind her ribs turning to lead, where it dropped into her guts. The weight of it nearly dragged her to her knees.Generations of Moonswaths scowled from their wood-wrought frames along the walls. She imagined her parents among them. Zhara too.We are naught but kindling…“Please.” Vekka’s voice shook. “Let me be free.”The cold brass beckoned. Beyond, Ahmelia waited: a brilliant spark, burning in the darkness.If only she would step inside, and be consumed.
 Kel could not spark his lightning.He snapped his fingers but could not amass a charge. He sat powerless atop a bell tower, sunset on the horizon, a horde of ghouls clawing at the stone down below. His finger hit his palm. He waited for the scratch of static within, the rumble in his hands and blue glow at the edges of his vision, yet his lightning would not spark.Hundreds of ghouls crowded below. Decayed hands grabbed at the stone. Their rotting bodies created a pyramid as they piled over one another, climbing halfway up the tower, frenzied at the sight of the living. Groans and wails overlapped. Townspeople slept behind walls, knowing their mage would clear out the horde and keep them safe.Kel exhaled.He snapped his fingers again—no charge. He stood, stretched, and yawned. Kel walked to hold on to one of the four walls, leaning over, watching ghouls climb to the top of their pyramid only to be pushed down to the bottom. Hundreds more than last week. They crowded an abandoned town square, weather-beaten market carts and a crumbled fountain under their feet.A ghoul in a slashed coat scaled to the top of their pyramid, reaching up, then fell backward. Kel stepped away. The bell rope brushed against him.The townspeople had rung it an hour ago to group the fiends in one spot. Kel had nodded to a guard before climbing up. He gave a confident smile, nothing to worry about, and patted the guard on the shoulder, directing him to a tavern. Then, he'd ascended the stairs to the bell.His legs had felt like lead on the way up. His heart thudded in odd beats, and his vision blurred as he passed torches. Without a doubt, it’d be his fault if the walls broke. The horde would tear through the townspeople. When he reached the top, looking down at the wave of death below, he couldn't spark his lightning.Hundreds more than he could deal with. He could only do so much on his own.Kel froze. When you’re expected to always come out victorious—when there is no choice but to win—what do you do when you can’t? Who do you talk to when everybody depends on you, where one wrong word can send everyone into ruin? They’d have nowhere to run if he couldn’t protect them. The settlement would fall.Pressure builds up and days pass, Kel thought. Ghouls claw at the walls. Warm smiles turn into cold stares, keep us safe, and when the bell tolls…The wooden flooring creaked. Kel exhaled, paced, waiting for the nerves to calm. He slouched down against the wall and undid the cap of his canteen. He swished water around his mouth and spat it at the gathering pyramid. The ghoul at the top, wearing faded robes, reminded him of his professor. The one who had taught him to wield lightning. A deformed, brutalized ghoul took its place. Scratched out eyes and bug infected skin.Kel turned his head to the left. He could make out the blacksmith’s forge. Its chimney expelled smoke—the man always worked late, crafting pitchforks for farmers, tools for construction workers, and weapons for guards.If not for the ghouls, Kel would’ve heard steel hitting steel.Wind blew past, and he watched the wheat sway. One farmer, an old man with a toothy grin, had complained about bugs. He’d joked about how Kel would be a good ‘pest zapper’. The man worked from dawn until dusk.Every time Kel walked past, the farmer smiled and waved.He snapped his fingers. No charge. Kel looked to his home, where candlelight illuminated the window. The artist would stay awake and wait for his return. She used to paint landscapes, but lost her inspiration to the plague. Her paintings became grim. Macabre pieces from her nightmares. She weaved baskets for the town in their place. Kel promised her she had nothing to fear.They had spent mornings skipping stones at the river, and nights pointing out constellations. They broke apart fresh bread under the stars, laughing, feeling alive. Days where the stress melted away. Until the bell tolled.The townspeople's work would be for nothing if he couldn’t protect them. It’d be an echo of the past—his father failing, torn apart by a horde. A settlement overrun. Kel left wandering, a mage too weak to protect anyone. Years spent with an old academy professor to master his craft as a plague raised the dead by the thousands.He looked down. A child ghoul jumped up from the pyramid. It struggled to find its grip against the stone.“How long until I’m here twice a week?” Kel asked.A ghoul lined with arrows reached up. Another pushed it down.He exhaled. The settlement required a mage who could deal with the ghouls, lest they fall like the rest, and the hordes at the walls would only increase in scale. More people, more noise, and you can’t turn refugees away at the gate when you’re trying to rebuild civilization. They would all rely on the mage, no matter what.Thrive and live or fall to disaster.One or the other. Rise to the challenge or abandon it.He loved the artist. The people loved and depended on the mage—their praise never ended. Even when Kel slept, men at taverns cheered his victories until morning. Women sent gift baskets, and children wrote cards for the quiet mage who returned to the bell tower at the end of each week.The artist always waited for him to return with open arms.Kel snapped his fingers and his lightning sparked.He stepped back, ran, and leaped off the bell tower. His hair flowed out behind him, his vision gleaming with a blue tint, lightning dancing between his fingertips. Ghouls jumped from the pyramid in attempts to catch him midair—the sparks encircling his hands surged with power. Azure lightning covered Kel’s arms and legs, bright enough to blind, and he hit the ground with the crack of thunder.A shock nova erupted around him.The barrage of sparks stunned his surroundings. Kel aimed his hand and snapped his fingers. A bolt of lightning circled his palm before shooting forward, striking a ghoul in the chest. The bolt arced from one fiend to the next, darting between quarry like a runaway thief, setting tattered clothing aflame. Kel breathed out tendrils of electricity. Talent begging to be used.Crackling lances impaled ghouls, branching out after frying their targets, incinerating them into charred skeletons. The ghouls dropped like insects. A field of conductivity developed around him, amplifying his powers, hieroglyphs etched into the ground. Thunder roared at each snap. He could hardly see through the lightning sparking off his eyes.He swung his hands forward, a shock wave of electricity pushing ghouls back. He’d be the mage the settlement needed for decades to come. A storm with such potential, not even the strongest of walls would hold him back. Kel hovered from the ground, lightning a blur under his hands, bolts shocking any ghoul that dared to come close, and released the power within.A shaper of storms.Dark clouds amassed overhead. Spires of lightning struck the ground. Kel controlled the wrath of the storm, breaking apart hordes with divine ire, feeling pure amidst the lightning. His chosen element. The reason his kind existed. Eradicate the undead. Kel hit the ground, the power fading, his mind buzzing. Surviving ghouls trembled from the outburst. Their diseased brains would shut off in seconds to come, overwhelmed with electricity. He stumbled to the gates, zapping loose fiends with his remaining energy along the way. Crossbowmen atop towers climbed down to guide him. He collapsed as he entered the settlement, fading in and out of consciousness. Healers checked him over. Men and women gathered in crowds, silent. The artist broke through, and Kel struggled to his feet. He would not fall before them.He raised his fist in the air.“No matter what,” he mumbled, breathing out sparks, “I’ll keep you all safe. I swear it.”Cheering sounded in the night.
 “Yeah, well that’s fine then, but Myrtle's gone through the change, ain’t she?” said Gary, swiveling his ponderous abdominal sections around with his prolegs in a series of surprisingly graceful little steps, until he could continue his feeding holes.  They were new and he was inordinately proud of them.“I miss old Myrtle,” grumbled Geoffrey, bobbing his tentacles in a way that Gary knew meant he was displeased.“S’not like she had a choice,” Gary managed, around a thick wad of partially masticated milkweed.  “It’s the only way, and it's gonna happen to all of us.  We’ll all be in the clique someday.”“Bunch of goddamn snobs...”Gary swallowed painfully and using his powerful true legs swung his head nearer, the spiracle markings shining like a row of eyes along his accordion side.“Wouldn’t go mouthin’ off like that if I were you,” he whispered.  “Any of the B’flies hear and like as not they’ll throw you right over the edge, just like they did poor ol’ Humphreys.”“You don’t know if they did that or not.”“Might have; leastwise, he didn’t never come back, an how’s he gonna fatten up if he can’t come back to the milkweed?  How's he gonna’ find a spot to make his pupa?  It were a death sentence if you ask me, an’ all because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut around the B’flies.”“You don’t know,” repeated Geoffrey, grumbling.Gary took another agitated bite.  The while he had been speaking he had not stopped eating and in his agitation had nearly severed the leaf upon which he and Geoffrey were feeding.  Since his last molt Gary had begun eating in a straighter line and the directionality of his holes still seemed sometimes to take him by surprise.Just then a pair of broad wings caused the sunlight around them to flicker and both fell silent, no sound but the munching of their jaws.“Gary and, um, Geoffrey, was it?  How are you two getting along?” said a cold, feathery voice.“Great sir, thanks for asking,” Gary said at once.“Ahh, excellent,” said the adult monarch.  “And you, Geoffrey, how are you doing?  Are you making sure to eat enough?  Your abdominal sections don’t look nearly as fat as they should.”“I’m fine,” muttered Geoffrey.“What was that?”“I said, ‘I’m fine,’” he repeated.“Take it from me boys, you can’t eat too much milkweed; why I remember, during my fifth instar I would eat five leaves in a row, and look at me now,” chortled the monarch.  “I know, I know; seems like a lot of work and you can hardly imagine yourselves becoming, what do you call us, ‘B’flies’, but stick to it.  We’ll make something of you yet.”“Oh take absolutely the hell off,” muttered Geoffrey.“What was that?” demanded the monarch, quivering its antinai towards the pair, a thousand infinitesimally small reflections glistening in its compound eyes.Geoffrey continued to munch, refusing to look up.“He didn’t say nothin’, sir,” interjected Gary, taking a half step away.“That’s what I thought,” enunciated the large insect, after a deliberate pause.  It stretched out to its full wingspan, the white circles along its forwings glowering like eyes in the bright light, and held itself that way for a protracted moment before folding back in.“Now,'' it said, “we’re going to be sending a handful of first instars over here.  It’ll be your job to look after them and make sure they don’t somehow fall over the edge, though how anyone could be so stupid I can’t image, even one of you larvae.  Make sure they eat plenty of milkweed... and you as well.  Geoffrey, store up your cardenolides, that way if a bird eats you at least maybe it’ll learn not to eat me as well and we’ll get some use out of you.”Without another word the monarch flicked itself into motion and was off, the light again fluttering as it came between them and the sun.Gary gazed after it spellbound.  Without thinking he had continued to eat and so worked himself up to the leaf’s tender petiole.  He took a bite out of it.“I can’t imagine ever wanting-” began Geoffrey, but at that moment the stalk collapsed over the notch and swung into a vertical position, both caterpillars clinging on for dear life.“Weee!”  “Yeah!”  “Do it again!” chorused a choir of tiny voices.  Looking up, Geoffrey spied a cluster of tiny first instars swinging on the upper rim of the leaf, their immature true legs clinging haphazardly.“You kids be careful,” he barked, inching towards them.Gary, already at that end of the leaf, cuffed one with his fused lower abdomen and sent it tumbling along a fuzzy vein.  Geoffrey arched his body around in a right angle to catch him, but the little fellow stopped short before he reached the larger caterpillar.  Placidly, he began munching out a small, arc shaped hole.“I think I’m gonna’ try the change tonight,” whispered Gary, eyeing the first instars with displeasure.  “I’m tired of lookin’ out for these small fries, I just wanna be one of the B’flies already.”“You wanna be like them?” said Geoffrey.Gary shrugged.  “They’re not all the same,” he said.  “You don’t have to be a jerk, just because you can fly.  I bet Myrtle’s not a jerk.”Geoffrey had continued to inch his way up the leaf and finally reached the little fellow.  Carefully, he guided him away from the hole he had been enlarging and onto an adjacent leaf.  In the distance the monarch elite fluttered, their orange and black bodies opening and shutting too quickly for eyes to follow as they alighted on whatever they chose.###That night, the moon was silver.  It sometimes was.  Geoffrey rotated his tired eyes trying to stay awake, at least until Gary woke.  Half of the first instars were eating, the other half a'slumber.  They seemed to be cycling themselves on purpose.“Come on you kids, away from the edge,” he said, yawning, wishing that their milkweed pots were not the last in the line, that the drop from the outermost leaves was not so perilous.  All across the field B’flies perched, their large wings tented darkly in sleep, proboscis’ trembling.  The whole world was asleep it seemed, except for him and a half dozen larvae who didn’t know any better.With difficulty, he was so fat, Geoffrey inched to the highest point of the plant he could reach, a tiny black nub in the moonlight.  It was a foolish venture, out there on the naked stalk, but he really didn’t care if a nocturnal bird snatched him up.  At least he would make it sick, the bully, and it would be quick.  At least he would die, him.  He, Geoffrey, would remain, would die a person that he could like, not changed into a form which he did not even recognize...He looked down to where his slumbering companion rested on the leaf below.  He had eaten and was napping and later on... he would eat again.  What was the matter with him that that was not enough?  What was the matter with him that he was scared?  Geoffrey felt the change in his body.  He had felt it for a whole day now.  He was not hungry anymore and knew what that meant.“You kids stick together now,” he said, knowing that they wouldn’t.Two days ago, a branch had fallen from a nearby tree and bisected his beloved milkweed patch, its tapered points sticking out over the void like withered proboscis.  It was dry and hard and offered no sustenance, so the larvae had ignored it.  After the crash Geoffrey had stood staring at it for a long time, until Gary had nudged him, whispering that the B’flies were watching.  He had known, even then, that it would be where he went when the time came, had suspected in the back of his mind with a sort of weary fatalism…  Had he though?  It hadn’t been the same, not as it was now.  Then, it had been theoretical.  He had not yet felt the change in his body.  It hadn’t mattered, hadn’t been imminent.  It had felt like he had forever.Leaving Gary and the first instars and the beloved milkweed plant, Geoffrey made his way, a thousand tiny little steps, out onto the branch, his green patches glowing wet in the moonlight.  It was a long way but he kept at it, the branch growing ever more and more slender, tapering and diverging till he reached an end.  One Monarch had been resting out there towards the middle of the dry branch, it’s feather-like scales moving slightly in the nearly still air.  Once you could fly you could go whatever you wanted, sleep where you wanted, you were not tethered to the milkweed.  Carefully, Geoffrey had passed it by.At the end of all things he rested.  For a long while he stood there, reared on his prolegs, giving nature all the chance he could, every opportunity, but no bird came, no spider or wasp, and Geoffrey settled himself back down.  He knew what he had to do, it was built into him and there was no choice, not at the end.  It was a part of the change.  And so, slowly, over the infinite abyss, through his fear, Geoffrey began to spin his silk. 
 It was just after daybreak, and the city administrators were beating the gongs to signal the opening of the markets. The large open square was already filling with throngs of people as they swarmed in from the alleys of the neighboring wards. Dust teemed in the sweltering air, kicked up from the crowds as they milled about, crushing the sunbaked turf beneath their feet.Street-vendors, trading goods and trinkets of all kinds, were crying their wares from their booths. Retailers and customers hammered away at each other over prices and amounts. Copper and silver coins clanged as purchasers thumbed threaded strings of cash in the course of their accounts. Diners laughed and chatted with friends at the various food stalls while nibbling on sticks of meat, or munching on little rice cakes and buns stuffed in paper wrappers.It was altogether a typical spring morning in the city of Chang’an. Everyone seemed perfectly happy in their dealings, and no one suspected anything of what was to come that day.As the cymbals rang out for the three-hundredth time, through the gates entered a pair of peculiar travelers at the end of a long journey. Their coats were dull grey and black, and lacked the vibrant colors of the luxurious dyed robes and tunics that were fashionable among the city folk. They both wore round straw hats, painted black to protect from the scorching sun, with thin shoulder-length silk veils that ran all around their wide brims.For a time, the two strangers’ presence seemed rather awkward, neither buying nor selling anything; merely standing together in the middle of the plaza and watching the hordes of people going back and forth. A merchant selling vegetables took notice and, thinking they might be up to no good, called out to them to ask if they had come to see the capital’s sights.The men took off their coverings to reveal faces burnt brown from the sun. Going by the resemblance, the merchant thought they must have been brothers, separated by perhaps ten years. The younger one had his hair slicked over the top of his head into a low fringe, and tied into a knot at the back. A narrow line of auburn hair ran from his ears down the mandible and twisted into a thin braid under his chin. The elder wore a colorful knitted hat that hugged his scalp, stitched with curling representations of men, animals, and nature in celebration of tribal society. The front of his face was cleanly shaven, but sported a bushy set of chocolate brown whiskers that poured from his cheeks and jaw, then bound into three bundles like the stalks of a flower bouquet.They approached to greet the merchant, and spoke well, but appeared foreign. They agreed the city was splendid and would love to be shown its pleasures. But they were not tourists, they said, and introduced themselves as traveling magicians. As proof, they pointed to a pack mule following behind them, which carried on its back several heavy trunks lined with blue velvet. Neither one had any money, but they came to entertain the people and hopefully earn a little while passing by.Hearing this talk of magic and merrymaking, the people nearby turned their attention to them, curious about what they could do. Without knowing what was happening, more passersby noticed this and promptly moved closer to see. Soon, an audience of dozens had gathered and formed a circle around them. In the course of the next hour, they put on many amazing spectacles: balancing acts, juggling wands and knives, spinning plates on sticks, sword swallowing, fire breathing, and performing illusions with sleight of hand to the uproar of the delighted crowd who showered them with gifts and coin.It wasn’t long before word spread that two miracle workers had come to the city. Some were even circulating rumors that they were actual sorcerers—sent from Heaven, no less—performing great deeds for the people. The local administrators at the time had been assembled in the yamen nearby, and when the events happening outside came to their attention, they grew concerned over the potential consequences of such hearsay.Now the bureaucrats marched out of the town hall—all the mandarins and bonzes together in the chain of their rank—their tall swan’s neck hats flailing with every step. An attendant for the officials approached the men to greet them and asked to know who they were and why they came.“We are no fairies or enchanters,” said the elder brother, chuckling when he heard of the rumors about them. “We are merely traveling illusionists, journeying through the great expanse to marvel at the wonders of the east.”The servant did an about face and repeated what he said in bureaucratic language. The officials heard him, and leaned their heads inward, whispering together in hushed voices. He turned again and said, “The magistrate finds what you’ve done so far very amusing, and bids you tell him what else you can do.”The elder thanked him and said, “We can do many feats and tricks of the mind and eye. And if he’d like to pay us,” he proposed, putting a hand forward toward the magistrate, “we could put on a great show for him as well.”“That is good and all,” said the servant, speaking for his master, “but the honorable chief says he already knows all the simple gimmicks, and requests to see the most splendid trick you have. If it impresses him, he offers to invite you to his mansion for a private exhibit with the nobles of his district.”“Inform your superior that we have much more in store than the usual antics,” said the younger one, who stepped forward. “We are unlike any other magicians you know, and can do things that none can comprehend.”Some in the crowd broke out with chatter and snickers at the young lad. Their voices murmured about what he could mean.“That’s right!” he declared. “We are capable of doing things that would confound the most powerful of kings, and stagger his most competent commanders. We can uplift the foundations of a city’s walls,” he continued, “and make them disappear in an instant. We can take the people of an entire town and transport them into the great far beyond. We can even turn the whole world over, and bring down the great fires of Heaven on Earth itself!”The audience erupted with gasps and shouts of alarm. The officials turned their heads about, glancing at each other with edgy concern. Moving in front, the elder begged them to forgive his sibling’s immodesty. “But,” he said, “we can perform illusions beyond your imaginations. And,” he continued, “you would find our exploits so thrilling that the entire city will be in awe at what takes place.”“Hah! Listen to their bragging words,” a person from the audience heckled. “More full of themselves than a pig at a pork trough.” The crowd all burst into laughter.“They think they have the power of a god!” another said. “Let them make a show of it so we can laugh at their failure.” Again, the people erupted into giggles and jeers, pleased at the prospect of having a new laughingstock.A third voice spoke up, calling them liars and troublemakers here to incite the public. “Let’s give them a tour of the wall’s foundations… six feet under! If that’s what they came for.” Many listeners hooted at this, spurning them with taunts and insults.The elder denied these allegations without equivocation, saying they intended no deception, and wished only to request the magistrate’s permission to prove they were sincere. The officials brought their heads together and deliberated until the magistrate came forth and spoke to them directly. “I  will allow you one chance to prove yourselves,” he said. “But if you are lying, then I will put you both in a yoke and whip you in the square.”The brothers’ low spirits became uplifted. The elder raised himself and said wholeheartedly, “If it would please your excellency, may we assemble a stage?”“Very well,” said the magistrate, “Just hurry it up, and don’t keep us waiting. I want to see to it you get what’s coming to you.”“Certainly, my lord!” he said with a smile. “I promise you will not be disappointed.”The magicians signalled to each other and directed the crowd to follow them to the West Gate nearby, in front of which there was a raised platform and a large open space—the perfect setting for a theater. They then started pulling down the chests from their mule and rummaged through them, pulling out various articles.As the younger one began scurrying about making preparations, the elder threw off his coat to reveal an eccentric purple robe with a flowing cape underneath. He strode forward and held up his arms in front of the crowd, stretching the cape out like a pair of thin, leathery wings. Presenting his hands to the audience, he pulled his sleeves down to show there was nothing hidden in his wrists. He turned to his side and held out his hands, gently cupping them together.He blew a puff of air inside, wiggled his fingers, and opened his palms to reveal a peaceful dove sitting in his hands. He presented the soft white bird and waved it in front, showing it to the crowd. Then, in a violent movement, he clapped his hands together, as if crushing the poor thing, and hurled it into the air. In an instant, the animal disappeared, only to be replaced by a cloud of bats which rose flying into the sky.The spectators all applauded. He bowed and flipped a cowl up over his head that concealed his face and eyes. He approached one chest on the ground, a knee height box about one and a half meters long and half a meter deep. The younger magician opened it and tilted it over, showing that it was empty. He then climbed inside as the elder closed the lid. He whirled his cape and skated behind it, sliding his hands across the top. With gyrating motions, he stirred his hands about in the air and slapped the cover with a hollow whack of his palm.Moving to the side, he opened it to show that it was empty again, and his partner had disappeared. He then snapped around and pointed above and behind him. And wouldn’t you know it, but there above the gates was the little brother standing casually on the wall. All the viewers cheered and applauded as he bowed and waved. He then ducked out of sight behind the merlons, only to reappear again in his brother’s place when he threw back his cowl. The lid of the box flew open, and the elder stood up from inside as if he had been there the whole time. This display amazed the crowd, who cheered and clapped even more loudly than before.The assembly became abuzz with chatter, ranting about how much that surprised them, and wondered aloud about what they would do next. Stepping aside, the siblings bowed to the audience, and then started stretching and loosening out their limbs, snapping their knuckles, and readying themselves for more. The elder undid the brooch on his coat to remove the cape and handed it to his brother. He held it out in front of himself to conceal his body below his head, but with his hands and feet still visible from the front.The older brother then swiped a hand across the air as if chopping at the other’s neck. Moving behind him, he grabbed his brother’s head with both hands and started moving it from side to side as if it had detached from his body. To add to the illusion, he shifted the head around the corners of the cape, drawing it up and down the sides, and even along the bottom. The astonished crowd exploded with raving accolades. So shocked by the sight were they that some ladies among the watchers swooned and collapsed.He yanked the head back to the center and twisted it back in place. The cape then dropped to reveal everything was back to normal. Again, they bowed to the crowd’s feverish applause and set up for their finishing act. They moved more boxes onto the stage, one in the center, and two at the side. They opened them again, one at a time, to reveal their hollow interiors. The younger brother stood to the side while the elder walked around, waving his hands over them as if imbuing them with magical enchantments.He stopped before the one in the center and gesticulated with both hands, thrusting his fingers at it. The box became agitated, spontaneously tipped itself up on its end, and stood there for a moment as if at any second a risen skeleton would fling the lid open and walk out onto the stage. The magician gestured with his hands again, and it lowered itself back down. He moved to the side, commanded the second box to move, and in the same manner, it obeyed. Likewise, he motioned to the third box, and again it lifted itself up and down. The crowd applauded the man, whispering in secret voices about him. Some had been convinced he was possessed with the ability to call forth the spirits of the dead. Most said it was just a trick. But all were watching attentively, eager for more.The younger one then moved back onto the stage, reached into his sleeve, and with the flick of his wrist, plucked out a pretty flower bouquet. He then pointed to a fair maiden standing at the front of the congregation and presented it to her. Taking her by the hand, he guided her onto the platform to join them in the show. He politely thanked the girl, whose face was glowing pink as a peach, and together they waved to the crowd. Slowly, the people in the back pushed themselves in, drawing nearer to the stage, trying to get closer to the beautiful young girl.He moved her into position behind the center box and told her to wave again. He opened the lid, kissed her hand, and beckoned her to climb in. Like a good showgirl, she complied and calmly went inside. With a twirl of his hand, the box was closed, and he and his brother moved to the chests at the sides. They bowed together one last time, opened their respective lids, and lowered themselves in.For a minute, the onlookers stood there in silent reverence, waiting with bated breath for something to happen next. Whispers and rising chatter echoed. Suddenly, the boxes shuddered and then stopped. Their walls shook and collapsed outward on hinges at the bottom, revealing a strange mound of black spheres inside each one. The crowd fell silent and stared curiously at the objects, not sure of what to make of them. The balls looked to be made of iron, solid and heavy, and heaped in a pyramid. Each of the balls also had strange tan colored ropes coming out of their tops, joined in a bundle that slithered out on the ground. Even stranger was the hissing sound emanating from them, like a batch of vicious snakes.There then appeared three white sparkling illuminations spitting out noisy flames crawling up the jumbled ropes, creeping up toward the tops of the stacks. They seemed to eat away at the cords, leaving behind a line of burnt residue as they went. The spectators couldn’t help but gawk at this strange sight, frozen in stumped shock. They had never seen such a thing before, not even the mandarins. They completely dismissed the magicians and the girl who had vanished without a trace, and muttered noisily about what it could be.Then the magistrate, the only one with the authority to possess such secrets, remembered word of an experimental weapon kept in high confidence by the emperor’s officers. With regard to the danger it posed, he perceived the gravity of what was about to happen. He swung round to his colleagues and uttered a word.“Run!”In an instant, all hell broke loose. The entire crowd panicked and burst into an uproar of screams and shouts. In vain, they tried to flee, not understanding what was taking place. Within seconds, the sparks reached the final lengths of cord, slithering through the insides of the black orbs. They flung out their metal shells with a thunderous flash and erupted into a massive orange fireball. A bulbous cloud of dark smoke sprouted and condensed, rising high into the air.All around the stage, the blast carved a wide empty swath where the chests had formerly lain. A shallow smoking depression was all that remained. Mangled lumps of flesh and streaks of blood lay scattered across the ground in all directions, and all the cries and shouts were silenced, with only a few anguished groans peeping out among the bodies.The few wooden buildings nearby were lit aflame, and the Western Gates, once a mighty monument of stone and timber, had been reduced to a pile of shattered splinters. What was left was a broad opening in the walls, wide enough for the two rows of soldiers waiting outside to march right through. 
 ..the waves of crescendoing waltzes filled the ballroom, the chandeliers were on fire, and the reflections in the shining mirrors amalgamated with the dancers in endless revolutions. The sugary, floral fragrances hovered over the hall, mildly exciting, tenderly intoxicating.“Fourteen, just a little too early for the balls?”“Oh, I come for the desserts,” I say, smilingAnd another dessert cart rolls by, the first tray taken by marble cakes and berry-covered pies, the second housed marzipan tartlets, and crispy pastry, third lodged whole pickled pears, and glazed nuts, and plum confiture, while chocolate pralines and delicate mousses occupied the fourth, finally - the fifth tray of that tower was covered in ice shards and reserved for all sorts of ice cream. Champagne ran like a waterfall from the minuscule cliff in the center of the room and the burningly hot coffees were served upon request in tiny exquisite cups of royal porcelain.And just as I sink my teeth in the plum-and-raspberry pie -- the sharp shriek of the sirene pierced the air. The mirrors shattered loudly one by one, dessert carts went upside down, the chandeliers crashed down and darkness flooded the ballroom.....Morning at the orphanage is like a faded, washed-out, colorless paletteI sit down in my bed, stiff and reluctantLast seconds in that dark oblivionFirst, comes the coldness.Then, the sounds intrude, crushing remains of a flamboyant cheerfulness. The ballroom exultance is torn apart and pushed away by the morning cacophony.I open my eyes. A greyish wall, a greenish light. I've observed it every morning for the last four years.I am not waiting for the smells, my nose is blocked by rhinitis. Maybe it's for the best.And as a last remembrance of exquisite desserts is melting away from my tongue, the taste comes in with the same hollow bitterness. Rusted old sinks, a towel, a toothbrush - each movement automated. I can do it in my sleep.Behind the windows, the bleak morning twilight fills the world with hopelessness.The canteen's walls are no better, that yellowish carpentryAs I stare into the plate of a liquid porridge, yellowish as well, I wonder if it somehow reflects the walls.Mechanically, I lift and lower the spoon. I hope somehow it will hypnotize me.I drop my head down to the table, close my eyes.Muffled words, Vlad is saying something. Perhaps asking for my porridge, gosh I don't mind.My head is dull, the yellow is replaced by black, and a sudden breeze of fresh air tingles my nostrilsOh, do I really managed to fall asleepHere it comes - glowing oval of a door, I grab the knob -Warmth, birds, sunlight, flowers, their odour is so rich I can almost taste the sweetnessAnd right into the glowing brightness of a shiny morning, I storm, my feet landing firm onto the rough gravel of a road that runs amid the hills, covered with emerald grass and ruby flowers.I know where I pick up - Mastnick and Kailow march in front of me, clothes soaked in sweat, covered by thick mud. I glance down - of course, mine are even worse.I rush to them, my legs swelling quickly with pleasant tiredness, my back aching, stomach growling“Almost there!” says Mastnick. “Let's speed up.”“It's been thirty miles and you keep saying that” Kailow retorts and I couldn't agree more“Now it is, I surely recognize the hill.”“You do know a lot of hills.”“We have to rush!”We know he is right.I hope the princess is there, I hope we come in time.Step after step, we run, legs sore, metallic taste in my mouth.After the last of Mastnick's familiar hills, out of nothing it seems - the gate, the carved iron entwined with flowers - the guards, and here she stands - princess of the Meadows - flowery circlet in her hair, lips smiling, eyes flooded with anxietyAfter we spilled out the grave message, a short but sharp extract of the gathered intel, the princess called for breakfast but insisted we take a quick bath before, right into the dark blue lake, I am so relieved of all the mud and dust and sweat and exhaustion -And here we are - refreshed and revived, in the clean clothes we sit beside the wooden table.Servants arrive, Mastnick is already drawing imaginary maps in the air, frantically describing the enemy's power, and Kailow recalls more names, more traitors, but I can only stare at a magnificently hot pot, glistening brightly in the sunlight and here it is - burning black coffee, and irregular cubes of sugar, and thick cold cream.. and soft, warm, freshly baked buns, and delicate butter, and ripening oranges in the glowing jar of marmalade. And then the pans with hissing eggs and ham and tomatoes, accompanied by the carafe of snowy white milk, and another pot with golden honey, and a plate full of dried figs and dates, and ---- and as I sink my teeth into the cinnamon roll, an imperceptible movement, a hint of metal catches the eye..My body jolts to the left in an automatic response but in a horrifyingly slowed scene, I see the servant thrusting the knife through Mastnicks throat.. I see at my right how Kailow hits the table leg crushing it out, and a sizzling hot pan is sliding down to him he sticks the fork into the assaulter's eye, but the pan is not sliding quick enough and he is weaponless.Another servant - flash of a knife - and as I jump across the table in a desperate jump to somehow cover the princess to push her away from the line of attack, a painful thought pierces my mind - as much for a gathered intel, it was not fresh enough..And with that thought, I drop hard to the floor and the world explodes with a blast --“..you go! Up you go!”Oh, that yellowish prison again. Those bowls of thick yellowish water. The supervisor screams in my ear, and torn from my beautiful flight, shot mid-air - I stand up and walk away.Corridors again, step after step, I wish I fall into darkness againWe stop somewhere, everyone sits, oh - the classroom, I try the last rows but not a single place “Sleeping too much?” somebody gives my already aching head a slap.The classroom is a large room, with bleak yellowish walls, despite the bleak light behind the window it is filled with a greenish false light of fluorescent tubes, its constant humming being torturous. In Ancient China they would position your head under the dropping water, I say they haven't got to know what a humming fluorescent tube could do. Around me - dull, tintless walls. Behind them - all the same, the bleak, insipid, joyless, hopeless world. I pray for the darkness, and please put the tubes away.We sit through the double math, then the physics. I try to fall asleep but the teacher suddenly awakes from the monotone bubbling and hits me with a wooden ruler. Apparently, my head turned the sensitivity off.A ring arrives, I finally drop my head onto the desk but,“Do you need a blanket?”I don't think she really means this and I still don't want to fill the wooden liner on my temple so I leave.I wander through the grimly lit hallway, so cold, I think I am shaking. I scan the faded world behind the windows, not finding anything, not trying anymore. I look for someplace to collapse when forced to stop abruptly, pulled harshly by the shoulder. Gregori and his devotees, of course.. is a twenty-minute break reserved for the bullying? I recall they had some special plans for me, to burn my only jacket, was it? Gregori's mouth moves, the sounds are so muffled, my head is like a stuffed pillow. I am dragged roughly, across all the hallway, I vaguely register someone’s panicked face, the overseer who turns away, the faded walls.Into the washroom I land hard on the floor, a lighter appears, my jacket - already pretty ragged - is torn apart, I stand up, I am pushed, I head to the door, I pushed so hard I hit the wall and my head bounced back hard, a bright bluish explosion feels my head, I slide down to the floor, a bit of me wonders if I leave a dramatic strip of blood on the tile behind. A blue cedes to the black and I slip gratefully into the darkness ---- muffled sounds, louder, clearer, sharper –             “You with me? You hear me?”Acute pain in the back of my head is what I hear. I touch it with fingertips - it's thick and sticky. I deduce it must be red, too.I open my eyes, a face - blurry and talking. Paved square, fruit carts.I refocus on the man leaning over me. A scarlet camisole, bandoliers criss-cross the chest, burnished revolvers at the belt.I also have a camisole, only its sleeve is freshly burned. And now guns or cartridge belts.I remember!A man is my Captain and our ship is waiting at the Bay of Tides twenty miles northwest, ready to set sail any minute, and we have to get the Detective aboard, and the Duke's guard is stepping on our left heel and the Swasher's thugs on the right and all considered - we have not a second to lose!I jump up and groan as the pain dissects the back of my head.“Easy now! Quite a hit you took!”“Cap, I will be at ease once aboard!” I shout, already on the runBefore us, a Town at the Cliff watches us haughtily from its daunting heights.Erected along the high street (a quite literal there), which spiraled up to the very peak, the Town presented offbeat mishmash:for the hustlers - the garish tents with few palms aroundfor the sorcerers - the colorful, gingerbread houses covered by glaze,for the financiers - the wooden mansions entwined with lianas and pineapplesfor the mercenaries - the sturdy crenellated towers, full of embrasures, ballistas on topNot to mention the huge market pavilions, the camps of come-and-go merchants, the bathhouses, the guesthouses, the libraries, the armories, the taverns, the restaurants.And in the heart of it - the Townhall, the fortress and the palace, marveling and menacing.All kinds of trade were welcome here and day after day the Town bonvoyaged its children on their various journeys, all appreciated if it brought a gaining to the Town.Now, we weren't bringing anything in - instead, we were going to take out, to steal one of the Town's most valuable assets, to kidnap its beloved child - the Detective. Both the Duke and the Swasher will seem like dear friends compared to the Town's secret guard if only we don't move quick enough.Air, I need air, my throat burns, legs filled with melted lead, my head split with pain. So many running today.And as we cross another square, I know things will get ugly.Dozen of the Duke's men are here.“Are those firearms?” a silly thought crosses my mind before Cap pushes me hard to the side so that I fall behind the fried food cart, with a thunder of the shots, I register Cap escaping death as well, evading it in some implausible leap.The next moment he is behind the little clock tower, both revolvers locked and loaded, face furious, eyes cold.Through the cracks in the cart, I see Duke's men spread out, encircling us, their shooting rattling in furious cannonade. I turn away frantically, searching for a way out. Just in time to see Swasher's fellows flooding in, armed with axes and clubs, but richer in numbers. Captain is shooting both hands, barrels of his silvery revolvers throwing out flame and death.Thugs are closing in, I shout to Cap, he knows, I pull out the knife, squeezing hard in both hands. Captain jumps again, covering me, protecting me from both fronts, one hand for each. Not enough - a bullet finds him, another, his blood is spraying over my face, and down he goes.Duke's shooters are first to reach us, and when the black muzzle is so close I feel the warmth coming from the inside, I know it's over and I thrust my knife into the black boot, - and suddenly the air ruptures with an unbearable sound and the world explodes with white. I feel being pulled somewhere, the white vacuum is filling rapidly with grey smoke.I can't focus, I can't think - only follow the hand which pulls me on and on.Sounds return, shouts, footsteps, a door bursts open, I stumble at a threshold, another door, another run, staircase, out again, a ladder, a jump - a jump? I freeze - a five meters gap between the buildings can do that.“Go, now!”Oh, Captain. You are alive.Cap stops abruptly, blood on his face, revolver in his hand.“We run and we jump! That's an order!”I choose not to bring the fact we're not on the ship, I take a run, the edge is closer, three, two, one --Unbelievably, I jump and land hard, and fall and Captain land here a second later. Never leave a man behind. We remain to lie on the rooftop, injuries finally kicking in.And then a delicate and clear voice asks “Now, how did I cause such fervent interest?”We turn heads, and there she is - in the grey cloth from top to toe, black hair in a tight topknot, lips curved in the ironic smile; lighting a cigarillo, examining us. The Detective.“On the behalf of the Crew of Swift of the Seas, allow us to extend our greetings. Indeed, we were looking for you, but seems you've found us.”“I am a Detective. That's what I do.”“Point taken. Our crew,”“Consists of 17 members, ready to set sail from the Bay of Tides. I would not suggest postponing that commendable intent, since the shock bomb will hold Duke Marloneser and Swasher Bolk back only for so long. Therefore, spare the details, Captain Rasdal. Give me the story.”“She is good” I thought and suddenly felt that the world is spinning away from me. My hearing gone again, eyes flooded with dark, I can't feel hands or legs and –-- And I am on the bed, it's cold, and the tart odour of medication fills the room, and I open my eyes to the yellowish light of the infirmary.I've been dragged out again, so unfair! But we did find her. Well, rather she did find us. Mission accomplished. I am sure they will come to terms with Captain.The nurse has another twenty patients or so to attend. Why is it so cold, why my forehead is burning, and why inside of my head a swollen clot of blunt pain is growing... I cough, I shake.“Give me that”Oh, I had a thermometerThe nurse stares at it like I stared at the Detective. Does it mean she is glad about what she sees?She rushes away without a word.I rush to get down.Humming of the tubes, a pain, tiredness, it is so cold ----darkness comes quickly, I happily sink, humming is going silent, still here.....humming is still there, and I open my eyes. It's an elevator, all walls of metal, humming pleasantly as it goes.. somewhere, with a tick of numbers on the panel.Besides me, there is a woman, tall and slender, a single briefcase in her hand.The elevator stops, the doors slide open - in the glowing golden light I see the spires, I see refined buildings, smooth and splendent, from here the city is so tangible, I can raise my hand and grab the tower I think.. My companion steps outside, a glimmering golden path leads to the city below, star-laced firmament glowing all above us.I stand up, I want to go with her, to help her on the quest! - but my legs won't abide, and my voice won't come..I helplessly fall to the floor and the world in front of me fades to darkness.....I feel a sharp sting in my shoulder.. humming, voices, footsteps - I open my eyesA nurse, and maybe a doctor? Why is it so cold, why my head is exploding with pain, I tremble, I want to ask for a blanket, for anything..Some words still registered by my hearing, “left lung”, “neglected inflammation”, “so exhausted”..I cough again and I shake, I try to stand. I see the syringe, I close my eyes..And I collapse in the bed again, like broken bird collapses in the nestThe blanket hugs me cosily, warming and soothingBut I don't feel it, I am floating far away, fleeing effortlesslyThe bleakness and hopelessness of the orphanage are dissolved in the darknessAs I step beyond the glowing threshold I found myself in the gigantic library, labyrinths of shelves longing away, sky threaded with stars above the transparent semisphereI've been here, I know who I find there - that wise man whose words are sought by kings and wizards, who seem to know every answerI knew where I was, and since I got there tonight, I know what I am going to ask - the same thing I keep asking myself - amid those beautiful worlds, endless roads to walk, countless cities to explore, why, oh why do I ever have to return to that dull and dismal place, that shell of a world, lonesome and lackluster, filled with nothing but the monotonous humming of the false lights.
 “No one in this dreary cafeteria knows I dream of being a horse mid-Spring. No one knows my glorious neigh-and-gallop through sweeping vistas and picturesque sunflower fields. Everyone knows I vanish inside of a temperamental Walkman while I consume tapioca and file documents. They know the metal that swirls and shovels cassava between my perpetual chapped lips. The tape hiss and pop of a slanted Walkman window.” My therapist Lira lowers her glasses and massages the bridge of her nose. Why would anyone dream of horses let alone being one? It's adorable if you're a kid but the adulthood of it all leads Lira to pace in a square around her office. “You're a horse?” She pauses and lies supine on her couch. “In my dream,” I beam in spite of her incoming wince. “My dreams, plural, sorry.” “Don't be, Thomas.” Her harried expression reads otherwise. There is beyond a twinge of doubt scrawled across that thin smile. I'm positive she didn't dedicate more than two decades of her career to endure a pathetic man's horse fantasy. “Your dreams are… unique.” I hate to burst out of the room at full flailing speed but I need a head-start before the inevitable happens. Before I tear my clothes away to express my shame and embarrass myself further. Before I'm tackled by security and a half-moon pill is forced down my throat. Lira and her skepticism are ants in the distance but my shirt is half-torn at the edge of a spiraling hallway. Security tackles me and I fall unconscious to my snapping ribs. At least I'm a gorgeous horse again. A horse staring at another on the horizon. ***Can't be much of a horse in a retention center. Strange to dream of leaping fences and riding across plains in a place that helps your memory. But one resident twice the intelligence of the entire center has a fried brain and it's perfect to be a horse while she suffers permanent memory loss. I- I gallop around goopy sloppy joe and laughter and fights in different hallways. Who cares if the mop hair is gone? I wanna be the proudest horse in the whole center. “You don't get paid to screw around, Steph,” a guard grunts and wiggles himself through the doorway in a heavy exhale, “Clean something already.”I don't get paid at all. Residents don't get paid except for that spineless sap who files crap all day. Bet he doesn't have the charisma to dream about being a horse. And his horse would be surrounded by flies if he dreamed about being one. Memories are tested at the top of every month. Gotta remember cleaning areas and products from my not-fried brain. Rattling off everything as if ammonia and grimy bathroom tiles dance around the back and front of my head. Testers watch me from behind clipboards as if my head should be examined and send me away. I gallop away and bump into the file sap. Shoves loads of apologies in my face. His spine doesn't straighten up. “You couldn't dream of horses,” I frown and scan his name tag, “Thomas.” “But I do…” “Steph.” Gotta get away from him. Don't wanna catch his spinelessness. Weird that he dreams of horses too though. Wonder if he was the horse gazing at me last night. ***“I met a resident who dreams of horses like me.” Lira nods as if she's inebriated. I want to assure her that it's okay if she doesn't believe the dreams or my chance meeting with Steph. But I don't want to introduce a blatant lie at my expense. She sets the clipboard away from us for a change and cleans her glasses. “Who's this special resident you met earlier?” She checks for slight imperfections and sets them down beside the clipboard. “You-you’re wearing contacts. You only disc- you only discuss serious matters with your contacts,” I stammer into my shirt. “Many of the other residents complain about you muttering along to horse videos. Lira retracts a maternal hand with wounded eyes. Someone put her up to this and that someone could be herself. Why doesn't she tell me my horse dreams could jeopardize her legitimacy as a therapist? How selfish can she be? “Don't sprint out of here and strip yourself naked like last time, Thomas. You embarrass yourself more than you do me. Now please stop obsessing over these horse fantasies.” I quiver on the couch. She is parroting someone else's words. Am I the only other person who appreciates a luscious mane? Dragging hooves in the grass? “Who’s the resident, Thomas?” “She's no one.” “She’s the only other person in the retention center who dreams about horses. I can discover her without you.” I relent and blurt out “Steph” and Lira pulls up her information in a compact mirror-adjacent communicator. A hologram of Steph appears and a display of her strengths, fears, dislikes, and weaknesses springs up. Then the horse dream commences and two horses frolic around parallel plains like androids existing on different ends of a futuristic metropolis. “That's us, Lira,” I shrink my eyes and shut my slacked jaw in a scramble toward the hologram. Lira studies the Steph hologram’s mannerisms and walk cycle and body composition like a stalker. “Same time tomorrow, Thomas,” she waves me out of her office without eye contact. ***I swear if I bump into that over-glorified file cabinet one more time…“Can I speak to you, Steph?” He comes up breathless and no less spineless. “Go file stuff.” Found the same damn horse staring from behind some invisible fence. Eating hay or whatever. But I couldn't tear my eyes away from him either. “Wait,” I tap his shoulder on his way in the opposite direction. “Why do we dream of horses?” “Freedom and change and leadership. There's more if…” Security guards stumble over to our left side. Young and ancient age range. All of them large enough to lift heavy weights but too much to manage the narrow doorways. “Come on, sap.” Grip his hand and bolt down the hallway. Uninterrupted beeline until a therapist blocks our path with a wall of security flesh. Sap grows wide-eyed at her. She grows teary-eyed at him. “My name is Thomaaaaaas!” “Who’s the therapist?” Yank him down a hallway that grows narrower farther it stretches. No guard fits as expected. Center requires large security guards for the position. All thanks to a copy of the employee handbook a resident snuck me once. “Her name is-” “Thomas, this is for your own safety. You are both too dangerous for the retention center,” she grunts as she shimmies down the hallway after us, “Your horse memories along with any other fantastical ones have to be eradicated.” “Lira, let us gallop free.” Burst out of the hallway and reach a solid brick wall and a vent above us. Sap- Thomas is thin enough to slide through the hallway but not tiny to journey through the vents. Lira- I guess that's the name Thomas yelled during the chase- corners us with a rifle. Vents could be my calling and his end. “This is a horse tranquilizer except it's modified to extract your dreams too,” she shakes in enough tears to fill half a glass. Cocks the rifle and wobbles it toward us. One of us loses the dreams while the other reaches the end of the vent. “Steph, you can make the jump-”Lira shoots him point blank range and collapses over him in tears. Thomas curls up into fetal position and drool yo-yoing down the side of his mouth. I leap into the vent and escape. Guilt be damned. 
 “I am not a nice person in dreams.At least, that’s what my friends have been telling me for years. Remember being young and having sleepovers? Well, just as sure as you were to have a bowl of sugary cereal or a pop tart the next morning, you were guaranteed to discuss any dream you had, and in great detail, if you remembered it.No matter the friend, it was always the same.I am relentless in their dreams. I am rude, condescending, and manipulative. People see me coming, and they smell trouble. I am always the villain in their story. Why would this be?”Josie paused her rehearsal in front of the mirror to listen. Yep, that was the sound of water boiling. Such a subtle vibration, but she made tea and spaghetti so often she had cultivated a sixth sense about boiling water. She always seemed to sense when those excitable molecules had finally begun to break apart. She glanced at herself once more before making her way into the kitchen.Next week, she would stand in front of her colleagues at the Oneirology and Neurology Institute of Fresno and pitch a theory she’d been working on for years. She needed to secure funding for an unorthodox experiment, one she wasn’t sure could work. And she would explain this theory almost entirely truthfully and share all her findings and data. Every ream. She only planned on leaving one detail out. A superfluous, unnecessary one, and with no bearing on the science, she thought to herself for the millionth time. No one needed to know about the affair.***Armed with a steaming mug of hot water, within which a medley of herbs that facilitate deep sleep swam, Josie began her nightly routine. Finish up the day’s dishes, wash her face, brush her teeth. Lock every door, close all the curtains and windows, put away sources of light. Silence her phone. Play Satie’s Gymnopédie No.1 and hang her head upside down over the edge of the bed for two minutes.As the blood rushed behind her eyes and delicate piano notes fluttered across the room, Josie wondered who she would be this evening and who she would meet. Despite conquering her physicality during lucid dreams, she still could not choose the location she visited or the people she saw. And that’s what the funding was for.For years Josephine mused on why she tormented people in dreams. Was it psychology? Coincidence? Something more? All of the above? She became a sleep scientist and neurologist to find out. And after years of schooling, study, and research, the answer arrived predictably, in a dream.There was nothing special about this dream. Josie barely remembered anything, save for the revelation she had. She had been in a world very similar to her own, going about a normal day. Everything was the same, save a small detail here and there. The color of her car, for instance, was olive drab green rather than its usual black.And as she moved toward her SUV, blinking hard against the sunlight with keys in hand, it hit her.It was at once extremely simple and profoundly complex. Every dream scenario was real, was actually happening. Like taking a train, our minds ferried us to any one of an infinite number of parallel universes and engaged with it. We move through these worlds by occupying a different version of ourselves. The connection is so seamless, the host version of you never even notices. You’ve hosted too, but you had no idea until this moment. That feeling of déjà vu? Bingo.Informed by the events of the day in your waking reality, you journey to another with links between them. That’s why that handkerchief you lost earlier showed up, or why the laws of physics didn’t apply when you dreamed you were flying the week after skydiving.There was only one exception to this rule, and Josie was baffled by it. Dreams where she occupied another version of herself always seemed surreal, but there was another sort that felt more real than reality itself. It was a shared dream state with a stranger, except, he wasn’t a stranger once she arrived. The first time it happened, everything made perfect sense. You know when a song comes on the radio, and you realize you know all the words but can’t recall ever learning them?It was the strangest, strongest connection Josie had ever felt with anyone during her entire existence. He wasn’t some dream version of her husband, either. He was so distinctly separate in mood and mannerisms and physical looks; she just knew he wasn’t some longed-for variant of Scott.By this time, Josie had righted herself and slipped under the covers. She knew better than to try to influence this evening’s destination, she just sipped her tea and turned back another page of One Thousand and One Nights. Ever the experimenter, she was constantly pausing to scribble down notes and draw connections, trying to see what lead where. As her eyelids began to droop, she set the book on the nightstand, spine up and still open. Time for sleep.She had never known anything to make more sense while it was happening, and be so utterly confounding afterward. He had no name. But she always realized she knew it — even if she couldn’t articulate it — once the dreams began. Because it felt like waking up.***They were sitting at the kitchen table, idly chatting. The day was warm, or maybe it was just her insides. Was this the fourth or fifth time? They wondered. He told her about his day, how many weeks it had been since he’d last dreamed with her. Had she gotten the funding yet?No, she said, but hopefully next week. She went over it all again, the unknowns, the variables, that even if she got it, she might not be able to complete the program. Worse still, she might not be the one to carry out the experiment — she was subject to the same kinds of office politics and games as anyone else. And if Scott joined the project somehow, then what?Fingers interlaced, they were walking at pace through towering trees at a beautifully landscaped park. No one else around, perfect weather, colors bright. They stopped worrying as other realities became fuzzy. This was the most meaningful reality now, the most important one. Everything else was just a dream.***Josie awoke feeling whole, but that dissipated quickly. As her eyes shifted into focus, she saw her husband tiptoeing across the bedroom, getting undressed as quietly as possible.“Ahh, I was trying not to wake you.”“That’s alright,” Josie glanced at the clock. “It was getting to be that time anyways. Good shift?”It was Sunday morning. One day left to go before her Monday presentation. She had given exactly zero thought as to any consequences whatsoever. All she knew was that she had woken up and departed reality.“The usual. Be glad when this sleep study is over.” Scott sighed as he took a seat to remove his socks. “At least one of us is getting enough rest. You had the most peaceful smile on your face just now. What were you dreaming about?”
 Max had what you would call “episodes” or that’s what his mother had been calling them. They started when he was young and progressively got worse to the point where she considered having him committed. The things that happened to him even brought Child Welfare Services to their door. It wasn’t just the things he would say it was the physical marks all over his body. There were deep scratches and bruises, even some burns that perplexed the local physicians. This went on for years until Max learned that the more he told people about the things he’d seen the more difficult his life became. So he stopped talking about it and learned to hide the marks.Max loved comic books and movies. He didn’t have a lot of friends so his days and hours were spent in front of the TV or with mounds of comics stacked in front of him. His mother thought that most of the problems with his vivid imagination stemmed from these two mediums of entertainment. She put an end to that by throwing all his comics in the trash and banning the TV. This only made it worse.It always happened when Max went to sleep. At first he thought they were bad dreams until the things that happened to him were there when he woke up. It was like he was falling into a long tunnel of light. Off this tunnel were other tunnels of light that led to different places. He never had control over which one he fell into. He lost count after awhile. Each had its own unique environment and creatures. Some worlds were devoid of anything, just empty white space you floated in. Some looked a lot like Earth but had trees that sported weird tentacles or flowers with petals made of different color flames. Some worlds were dark and full of creatures that you would see in horror movies. One of these worlds he called the Gray. The Gray was barren with jagged rocks and a hanging fog that never went away. He never saw any sunlight or anything of warmth. Everything was dark and cold.There was one dominate species who ruled this realm he had come to name the Reavers. They preyed on anything that moved. They didn’t just kill, they stole something from each victim. Somehow the creature knew the strength of its enemy even before it engaged and after eating it its body would then be equipped with whatever strength it stole. He had seen them acquire poisonous barbs or harder skin right before his eyes. But it wasn’t just the physical parts it adapted. He watched it eat the parts of different creatures brains. It wouldn’t eat the whole thing just select parts and not the same ones each time. Max knew this because he had examined a few of the bodies after they had left. He wanted to know why it only ate certain parts of the brain but he thought it had something to do with its evolution.   It was hard to describe them because they always looked different.They were a brownish gray color and had elongated heads, no ears or nose, just rows or sharp teeth. The one thing they all had in common were the eyes. They reminded him of an Anaconda, narrow black slits in the center and a yellowish brown encasing the rest of the eye. The other thing that freaked him out was the sound they would make right before they attacked. It was a hiss followed by a TAT TAT TAT sound. They would do it real low, in the throat like a cat when it growls. Whenever he landed on this world he hid as soon as he could move. He managed to avoid them this far but with every visit they seemed to pick up on his scent or developed some new way or tracking because they became more aware of his position every time he showed back up.They weren’t all bad though. There was one world where the beings there communicated with their minds. He liked this one because it made him feel like an X-man communicating like Professor Xavier or Jean Grey.  They called themselves the Amari. They knew that other worlds existed and had the same ability as Max to visit alternate dimensions in sleep. They were small creatures, think Yoda but not as cute. They were only about 3ft tall with long white hair and blue skin and looked like they belonged in a resort down in Boca Raton. Now that he thought about it they looked like the Maltusians from Green Lantern. Why did everything remind him of comics? They warned him about the beings in the “Gray” world. If they acquired someone with the “ability” they would crossover into our worlds and infect it with death. This could not happen and if it did the rest of the worlds would fall one by one until there were none left.In the real world Max was now old enough to live on his own and balance the responsibilities he had between his two lives. There was no girlfriend, no friends. Living a life like this required a responsibility. It wasn’t like he had a choice anyway.  People thought he was weird. Most social interactions he had ended the same way, with the person walking away muttering: What a weirdo. He didn’t like living this type of life but knew it was what he had to do. When he got down he went back to the comics. Uncle Ben had always told Peter: “With great power there must also come great responsibility.” This helped in his dark times, knowing he had purpose, that he had something bigger than himself to push onward. It was still hard.  No matter how many comics he read.Sometimes he took uppers to avoid going to sleep. There were times were he stayed up 2-3 days driving himself to the brink of insanity. This helped in the short term but ended up being more of a problem because when he did sleep he slept longer and deeper. This balance also caused a rift with his job.  He wasn’t a morning person so he took comfort in the night shift and any job where he had enough time to sort through his “issues” that occurred during the day. The only job he could find that put up with his quirky schedule was a graveyard shift for security at a local hospital.It wasn’t so bad. There weren’t many people he had to interact with in the middle of the night only some of the nurses on their break. Every couple of hours he would see this one nurse who used to come out for a cigarette. Her name was Angie. She was young, fresh out of nursing school and couldn’t have been older than 21. She always used to play with her short, blond curls with one finger while flicking through her phone and alternating the cigarette in the other. The first couple times they interacted it was only a wave or a simple “Hello.” But over time she broke the ice.“What’s your name?” Angie said sitting on a picnic table flicking her cigarette.“Max.”“I’m Angie. You’re pretty young for a security guard. I thought they were usually old and fat.”“It pays the rent, besides I’m not much of a people person so it works out pretty well.”“Well I can tell you there aren’t too many people in there worth knowing.”“I’ll take your word for it,” Max said with a smile.“You have a nice smile. You should do that more often. You walk around here with resting sulk face and it’s kinda depressing.”“Thanks I’ll give it a try.”“Well it’s good to meet you Max.  I gotta get back in there. I’ll see you around,” She said smiling at him as she flicked her cigarette before going back into the buildingMax got off his shift and had slept most of the day. While asleep he travelled to the world of the Amari. When he arrived there were fires and smoke everywhere. The bodies of the Amari were scattered about, ther clothes torn and bloodstained.  He walked through the carnage looking for any survivors or anything to make sense of the chaos he was witnessing. A hand raised into the air. Max ran over and cradled the small body.What happened here? Max asked the Amari in his thoughts.The creatures from the gray. One of the Amari had travelled there and was killed. They ate his mind and gained the ability to travel between worlds. The Amari said coughing up blood.Is there any way to stop them? Max asked.They do not like fire. We tried to it fight it off but it struck so fast that torches were dropped in the grass fields and everything burned. They are predators. They only know death and their hunger is never satiated. You need to go. They can find you now. Be prepared. They will come…. The Amari let out his last breath and Max laid his body down in the grass and walked off. Max awoke in his bed and looked around the room. Nothing was safe now. In all this time of visiting other worlds he never thought something would ever threaten him once he awoke. The thought now became real and around every corner it could be lurking. He had to get to work and if he sat here waiting for that thing to come he’d go crazy so it was up and in the shower. It was quiet for the first part of his shift. Nothing out of the ordinary. Just irate nurses and restless patients who couldn’t sleep. But around 2:30 there was a call for a disturbance in the ICU. When Max got up there there was no one at the desk. In fact there was no one around anywhere. Usually when he came through there were at least 2 nurses gossiping over coffee or at the very least someone sitting behind the desk. Tonight there wasn’t a soul in sight. The hair on the back of his neck began to stand up as he pulled the large Maglite flashlight from his belt. Not for the light but for a blunt instrument of protection. “Hey, what’re you doing up here?” Angie said appearing from what seemed to be nowhere.“Jesus, you scared me. Where is everybody?” “I don’t know. I just got up here. They’re probably around here somewhere.”A loud noise came from the intensive care unit. “What the hell was that?” Angie said grabbing Max’ shoulder.“I don’t know.  We gotta go check it out though.”“Now that you mention the lack of people around here and that weird ass sound the two add up to some bad horror movie math. I don’t like that shit.  I ain’t going.”“There are sick people in there don’t you have a Hippocratic oath to uphold?”“First off, no, nurses have the Nightingale pledge. Totally different thing. Not even the same thing, not even close. So yeah, I’m exempt. I’ll grab some scissors and have your back. You know, from out here, way out here, outside that room.”Max looked at Angie and back at the room and back at Angie.“Really? You’re not gonna go with me?” Max said.“Come on man, really? If something or someone is in there and you go down that gives me a good head start to the elevator. Can you blame me?”Max smiled.“No. I’d do the same thing.”He walked towards the room as Angie stood behind clutching the scissors ready to bolt to the elevator as soon a pinprick hit the floor. He pressed the automatic door button outside the sliding doors to enter the ICU. It was dark, which was normal because it was the middle of the night and that wasn’t creepy. It was the right type of lighting for this time. There were rows of beds and Max clicked on his Maglite and made a pass over each face as he made his way down the aisle. As he passed halfway down the rows he saw one of the bodies covered in blood. The head had been torn open and the brains had been torn out. Max knew as soon as he saw it what was going to happen. He heard the rustling toward the back of the room. Beds rattled, and random things were knocked over and he was ready.  Max looked back at Angie. That was the one sweet thing in his life, even if it was nothing, it was something for a brief moment.HIIIIIISSSSSSSSSS TATATAT Max went over to one of the oxygen tanks and pulled the plug off and turned up the handle. He walked to the door and opened it.“Give me your lighter,” Max said.“What are you gonna do?” Angie said taking the lighter from her pocket and throwing it to Max.“Finish it. Get in the elevator,” He said closing the door and walking back into the ICU.Max went into the room and ripped off the valves and opened every oxygen tank so the gas would flood the room.“Come on you sonuva bitch,” Max said holding the lighter up. HIIIIIISSSSSSSSSS TATATAT “That’s it, come a little closer. Let me see that ugly mug.”HIIIIIISSSSSSSSSS TATATAT Max could see the eyes from the back of the room. Those haunting eyes of something in the darkness ready to take him. He was scared but he was also ready. It was a strange feeling of acceptance and defeat all in one fell swoop. But deep down he was happy. He was happy because he felt he had purpose. He felt that all his hardships had led up to this moment. “I feel like I should say something like all those action stars like ‘Yippee-Ki-Yay’ or ‘Let’s make the chimi fucking changas’ but I’m not that tough so let’s just say: ‘Boom’”Max lit the lighter and the whole room went up in flames. 
 "This is my worst nightmare." I said to myself as I stared at the utter chaos surrounding me.The tables where over turned, the chairs where beyond repair. The dark wood floor that was scared with age was littered with broken dishes and spilled beer was over every surface possible.Riley yelled over her shoulder "Phaedar! A bright blonde head popped up from around the corner of the kitchen.Wide cerulean blue eyes surveyed the damage. A loud slow whistle left his mouth. As he took in all the damage.Riley tapped her hands against her sides, and narrowed her yellow eyes. Than pointing a finger at Phaedar she said " this is the very last time we host the orc councils 500 year bash! Ever again! The damage is extensive this will take a huge chunk of coin to fix! What where you thinking Phaedar?!!"Phaedar narrowed his blue eyes and growled back than shoved a handful of his silky blonde hair behind his pointed ear. It was a nervous habit he had never been able to break.Phaedar than said "Gunaakt had said everything will be ok!"Riley rolled her yellow eyes at him and mimicked back "everything will be ok!??? Really?? You trusted Gunaakt? That orc? He is half dark elf! He can smooth talk anyone into something, but sell his own mother for coin!"Phaedar nodded his head and sighed, his shoulder dropping a little. "You're right! I should not have trusted Gunaakt, he just said it would all be ok!"Riley nodded and walked over to the double headed ax that had now found a new home above the fire place. Using two hands she braced her foot against the wall and pulled.The ax did not budge than she pulled again. It loosened a little bit, than she gritted her teeth and and yanked hard. The ax pulled free and the momentum sent her sailing backwards. She landed hard on her back in a puddle of beer. The ax landed a hairsbreath from the tip of her pointed ear.Riley growled and rolled to her feet than shoved her blood red hair behind her pointed ears. Being half elf , half lycan had its advantages in the strength department.She felt her canines lengthening and her ears getting pointer, growling she closed her eyes and took a deep breathe and inhaled stale beer and old food.Yep she had to get out of here, yelling over her shoulder at Phaedar " I am taking the day off! Bring in Aktha, to help clean and pay him double!"Aktha is their part time employee that they barely could afford since just taking over the Silver Drake Tavern. Aktha was a dragon shifter and his strength and wings could help in reaching the stains that where now on the ceiling.Riley rolled her shoulders and stomped down the streets heading towards her den and for some peace and quiet.Kicking open the door Riley, took off her dragon skin leather jacket that had cost her two bags of coins, and tossed it onto the counter. Wandering to fridge she opened the door and stared inside.Beer, stale leftovers and some vegetables that had liquified in the back of the fridge. Wrinkling her nose she groaned and shut the fridge. Not before snagging a beer and opening the top.Tipping the cold glass to her lips she took a long swallow. The flavor was rich and dark with a bit of spice. Walking to the back of her den she opened the door that lead out onto her porch. Standing there and looking at the rich green forest that backed up onto her property and smelled deep. The woods where calling her and she felt her wolf rising up. Setting the bottle down she started to pull off her tshirt it smelled like stale beer anyways. Than her bra and when she had all her clothing off , she felt the change rising up inside her, pulling at her bones, and reshaping her muscles and before she knew it she had been reborn. Riley's wolf had beautiful red fur and yellow eyes. Riley gave her wolf complete freedom and her wolf took off like a shot. Running fast and far on her four feet. Jumping over old trees and slippery moss she rounded the bend of the river of life. The water was beautiful crystal clear. Stopping she lowered her muzzle to the water and drank, it was sweet to the taste. She drank and drank, when her thrust was finally quenched she raised her muzzle and howled . She was answered back by a howl that was not to far off. In fact it sounded really close, she twisted her head around and tried to track it. There was nothing no noise no movement nothing. In fact the very birds had gone quite. Growling Riley became fully alert. She could now smell him, she could not see him yet but she definitely could smell him.Than he appeared as if he was made of pure smoke a big wolf twice her wolfs size, black fur, and bright green eyes. It was Alrick, he smiled well if a wolf could smile more like tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth. He used mind speak and said " hey let's go for a run! First one to reach the old tree by the rivers edge is the winer and the loser has to cook breakfast! Riley liked that ideah she may be fast but she sucked at cooking and would love it if someone else made her breakfast. Her wolf responded and she mind spoke back to him " your on!" With that she took off like a shot into the deep dark woods.Riley rolled over on her bed and groaned her whole body ached, was that yep that was a muddy stick in the bed with her. Gripping it she pulled the stick out of the bed and tossed it to the ground next to the other pile of sticks Riley's wolf had collected. Alrick was in the kitchen making breakfast like he always did when he stayed over after a run and not just because Riley beat him in the race last night. Riley stood and stretched she was covered in dirt and scratches some deep some not so deep, they where healing and would be gone in a day. Contrary to popular opinion werewolves don't heal as fast as everyone says.The hot water poured over her bruised and battered body she felt like she had gone up against a orc, not gone for a late night run through the woods.Alrick was just plating up breakfast when Riley waltzed into the room. Tying her red hair, half up and grabbing a fork she sank down in her chair and dug in. Alrick always made the best breakfast!She groaned and sighed pushing the now empty plate away and reached for the steaming mug of coffee. Alrick stood there hip leaning against the kitchen counter and shoved food into his mouth. He paused for a second and looked at Riley his emerald green eyes sparkling. He smiled at her winked than whent back to eating. When he was all done he wiped any remains of breakfast off his dark beard. Than he pulled his shoulder length hair into a half pony and whistled as he walked by Riley he leaned in and kissed her cheek. He smelled of pine and wood smoke. Her wolf loved that! Riley smiled and tucked her hair behind her pointed ear. Alrick than pulled back and just like that was out the door and heading to his job of working security at the dragon stables.Riley and Alrick where not dateing not yet it was semi awkward dance of who will cross the line of friendship the most. So far Alrick was wining and she didn't mind that she was losing this dance. Grabbing her dragon skin jacket she headed out the door and back towards the Silver Drake Tavern. Maybe it would not be such a bad day after all.Phaedar suddenly ran put of the tavern and nearly collided with Riley grabbing Phaedar she steadied him and said " whats wrong?"Phaedar shook his head and said " Gunaakt has refused to pay for damages!" Riley cursed a blue streak and than felt her canines lengthening, growling she said " where is he?"Phaedar said near the bakery by the potions and stuff shop. Letting out a string of curse words Riley stomped in that direction feeling her temper go higher with each step she took towards the bakery.Throwing open the doors to the bakery Riley blew past the counter and the line of citizens waiting to order. A high elf was the only one that yelled her way " hey no cutting!" Riley just made a gesture that said back off and the high elf yelled "well how rude!"Riley kept on walking through the back doors and kicked in the door that lead to a private back room. The activity behind the door stopped and everyone turned to look at her. The room was jambed full of tables and gambling cards where everywhere. People placing mid bets stopped and stared her direction. She screamed out " Gunaakt I have a bone to pick with you!" Riley kept walking till she stopped infront of a heavy table full of coins and cards. Gunaakt stood to his full hight he was skinnier than some Orc's and he had a darker green skin than most. His black hair fell down his back and his small tusks pointed out from his bottom lip. Black eyes tracked her movements. Growling Gunaakt said " what are you doing here?"Riley snaped back " collecting payment! Gunaakt narrowed his black eyes and said " we don't owe you anything wolf!" Riley snarled and snapped, she felt her teeth lengthening and her claws growing . " Yeah? You really want to go there?! You owe us extensively for damages. " Gunaakt smiled his small orc teeth pointer, his tusks getting sharper, and did he look taller?Riley could not back down she needed this money. Gunaakt took a step forward and she took one step near him as well. The tension was so thick you could cut it with a ax.Gunaakt reached down and pulled out his dagger it was curved wicked looking blade.Riley whent of full alert and crouched claws at the ready, teeth bared. Than Gunaakt charged and she moved to the side at the last possible second racking her claws deeply down his side. A scream of pain left Gunaakt lips. He than turned and said " this was a new leather jacket!" Riley smiled all teeth and said "oops!" Gunaakt charged again and Riley aimed to dodge but at the last possible second Gunaakt switched which hand he was holding the dagger.The dagger ripped down her arm it was agonizing. Riley let out a howl of pain, the blood flowed down her arm. Gunaakt smiled his tusks glinting in the torchlight. Riley tracked his movements and steadied her breathing. Gunaakt charged again and Riley dodged and struck fast hard and very deep. Her claws digging into his gut, her other hand holding the knife away. Blood poured down her hand that was buried up to the wrist in orc flesh. She smiled and pulled him in closer with her clawed hand. Gunaakt whimpered as she said " now will you pay the tavern for expenses owed?" Gunaakt black eyes widened in fear and he nodded. She twisted her wrist and dug her claws in deeper. He screamed a high pitch scream. " you will pay the expenses today?! Won't you Gunaakt!" Gunaakt nodded he was crying now. She had never seen a orc cry before. Satisfied with his answer she withdrew her claws with a sickening squelch sound. Gunaakt dropped to the stone floor and sobbed like a baby.Turning she yelled so everyone could hear " from now on you pay your bar tab!" All the shocked patriens of the gambling hall nodded their heads.Riley turned and stumbled out of the gambling hall and into the cobble stone streets. She leaned against Phaedar who helped walk her to the tavern to get cleaned up.Later that day as Riley sat at the bar drinking a beer and looking over paperwork she felt Alrick come in the door. Alrick pulled up a stool next to her and motioned for Phaedar to give him a beer. Phaedar nodded and started to pour him one. Alrick than turned to Riley who was still looking over paperwork and said " you made Gunaakt cry?" Riley rolled her eyes and took another sip saying " it wasn't that hard!" Alrick smiled and clicked his beer against the rim of her glass and said " thats my girl." Riley turned a slight shade of red and continued to bury her nose in paperwork. Alrick sat and ate dinner while she worked. He never bothered her when she was going over numbers. It felt nice having him around maybe she should have him around more often she thought as she finished her beer.Riley whent to bed late that night and awoke to her alarm. Her alarm!? Wait that wasn't right oh thought Riley it was all just a dream her characters from D&D had taken over her imagination again. Riley rolled out of bed and looked over her dorm room it was littered with old pizza boxes and some half finished assignments.Groaning she got to work she had alot to do before meeting up with her weekly D&D group.As Riley sat across the table from the other players she smiled at Alrick whose real name was Alan , he had dark hair like his wolf and green eyes. He gave her a smile and that wink so maybe this time he would ask her out?! Maybe finally?Garrett or Phaedar also called Dungeon Master sat across from Riley and looked between Alan and Riley than back again and rolled his eyes. He cleared his throat and said "let's begin" Riley said wait "Alexander is not here yet! Alexander was their newest D & D member he played Aktha. Alex sheepishly took a seat and nodded to everyone. Garrett cleared his throat and said " This is my worst nightmare, hosting the orc councils 500 year bash. "